1	an estimated 700 000 people in the u.s. have long COVID that is symptoms of covid 19 persisting beyond three weeks. primary care providers are in a unique position to provide and coordinate care for vulnerable patients. policy measures should include strengthening primary care optimizing data quality and addressing the multiple nested domains of inequity.
1	estimated 10 of COVID 19 survivors continue to experience symptoms several weeks to months after the appearance of initial symptoms a condition termed post acute sequelae of SARS CoV 2 infection PASC. these patients also called long haulers most commonly report protracted symptoms of fatigue cough dyspnea chest tightness difficulty concentrating arthralgia olfactory dysfunction and headache.
1	neuro PASC patients have a specific signature composed of humoral and cellular immune responses that are biased towards different structural proteins compared to healthy COVID convalescents. t cell responses to SARS CoV 2 mRNA vaccines are aberrantly elevated in longitudinally sampled neuro paSC patients compared with healthy COVD patients. these data provide a framework for the rational design of diagnostics and predictive biomarkers.
1	COVID 19 is a global pandemic infectious disease that spread throughout the world causing a major public health emergency. the virus that causes the disease called SARS CoV 2 can infect all age groups. despite the fact that infected children generally appear to be asymptomatic or have only mild symptoms the disease may involve a wide spectrum of clinical manifestations.
0	the epidemiology clinical course and outcomes of patients with coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 in the Russian population are unknown. data were extracted from the medical records of adult patients who were consecutively admitted to the sechenov university hospital network in Moscow between 8 April and 28 may 2020. of the 4261 patients hospitalized. outcomes were available for 3480 patients median age 56 years interquartile range 45 66. most common comorbidities were hypertension obesity chronic cardiovascular disease and diabetes.
0	the pandemic has challenged the profession and the academy to adjust modify and adapt It has also stretched the bounds of what had previously been thought possible within the realms of medicine. as the Academy begins to reach and crest the apex of the epidemic it should be reminded of the many lessons associated with the COVID 19 pandemonium. it should also remind the profession of the constant need to challenge the paradigm of what is possible in pharmacy education and practice.
0	rhino orbital mucormycosis related to COVID 19 a case series exploring risk factors.
0	the rapid spread of the coronavirus pandemic led to sudden lock down forcing the elderly and others in the high risk group into isolation. Elective health care services including diagnostics therapeutics and elective surgical services were put on hold leading to delays seriously affecting cancer and non cancer related services. in spite of lessons learnt during the first wave similar issues have persisted during the second wave increasing the pressure on an already fragile infrastructure.
0	COVID 19 is a contagious disease that may lead to respiratory distress syndrome and even death. neonates and children are most vulnerable population to infection. infection is usually milder and has a better prognosis in pediatric patients compared with adults It remains unclear why pediatric population is less symptomatic than adults Children frequently experience respiratory infections and their immune system is in developing stage. large proportion of the asymptomatic pediatric population may contribute to transmission.
0	adolescents have a very low risk of severe or fatal COVID 19 even among those with comorbidities or rare complications. currently authorised vaccines are very reactogenic and have limited post marketing population level safety data in adolescents and young adults. alternative to two dose vaccination in adolescents may include a single dose or reduced dose schedule as is currently being trialled in younger children.
0	as of July 2021 over 3 billion doses of a COVID 19 vaccines have been administered globally. there are now 19 COVId 19 vaccine vaccines approved for use in at least one country. the global vaccination effort has been challenged by inequitable distribution of vaccines predominantly to high income countries.
1	post COVID 19 syndrome is the persistent symptoms at the post viral stage of the disease. a substantial proportion of patients who have suffered from the condition in the past months are reporting symptoms that last for months after recovery. we aimed to assess the current evidence on the long term symptoms.
0	probiotics and postbiotics could function as silver bullet in the post COVID 19 era. are we adequately prepared to provide a satisfactory quality of life for individuals who are recovering from covid 19 disease?
0	favipiravir is under investigation for the treatment of COVID 19 and given to patients in many countries following emergency use approval Currently there is no human data except for a single case report. this article includes the outcomes of 29 pregnancies reported to the clinical pharmacology and toxicology unit.
1	long COVID is characterised by debilitating symptoms including extreme fatigue shortness of breath insomnia heart palpitations and prolonged high temperature. one in ten people in the uk suffering from long covid there will undoubtedly be a considerable impact on dentistry.
1	a 12 areas protocol emerges as the optimal trade off for both COVID 19 and post COVId 19 patients. a validated and standardized imaging protocol based on 14 scanning areas and a 4 level scoring system was implemented.
0	women make up over one quarter of canadas homeless population. women experiencing homelessness are often hidden i e provisionally housed and have different pathways into homelessness and different needs as compared to men. this research is to identify evidence based interventions and best practices to better support women experiencing or at risk of homelessness.
1	a significant percentage of COVID 19 cases experience symptom persistence beyond 30 days and go on to develop post acute sequelae. participants reporting use of medications for autoimmune disease were more likely to have experienced symptoms at all time points over a 30 day time period.
1	multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children (MIS C) is a rare but potentially severe condition seen in children with evidence of COVID 19 approximately 2 to 6 weeks before symptom onset. children with MIS C usually require hospitalization the outcomes are largely favourable with prompt recognition and intense therapy.
1	long COVID and the fire rages on. with the increasing cohort of COVId 19 survivors worldwide we now realize the proportionate rise in post-covid 19 syndrome. this would help clinicians to identify and manage this condition more efficiently.
0	OM 85 a standardized lysate of human airway bacteria with strong immunomodulating properties and an impeccable safety profile is widely used to prevent recurrent respiratory infections. SARS CoV 2 infects cells through interactions of its spike S protein with ACE2 and TMPRSS2 on host cells Multiple cells and organs are targeted particularly airway epithelial cells.
0	studies have shown that COVID 19 is accompanied by dysbiosis that persists even after successful virus conversion negative PCR. there is indication that pre and probiotics could boost the immune response in both the guts and lungs.
1	127 patients aged 0 15 years were hospitalized for COVID 19 treatment including 3 severe cases and 124 mild or moderate cases. main therapies included inhalation of aerosolized interferon  122 127 and additional antiviral drugs 28 127 Among the 81 patients who had pneumonia at admission 35 with right lobe pneumonia had the longest hospital stay mean 14 5 7 days.
0	COVID 19 pandemic has wreaked havoc globally and still persists even after a year of its initial outbreak.
0	immune responses biochemical changes and inflammatory responses in the human body after infection with the SARS CoV 2 virus. increased amount of inflammatory cytokines chemokines and involvement of complement proteins in inflammatory reaction increase the risk of occurrence of disease. immunomodulation and immunotherapeutics of COVID 19 a pandemic which was originated from Wuhan city of china.
1	post acute sequelae of COVID 19 in a non hospitalized cohort. prevalence of PASC defined as experiencing at least one symptom 30 days or longer and prevalence of individual symptoms.
0	systematic review and meta analysis examined the prevalence of depression anxiety sleep disorders and posttraumatic stress symptoms among children and adolescents during global COVID 19 pandemic in 2019 to 2020. the potential modifying effects of age and gender were also examined. a literature search was conducted in PubMed Web of Science PsycINFO and two Chinese academic databases.
0	chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension is an underdiagnosed and potentially fatal subgroup if left untreated. pulmonary endarterectomy is the gold standard treatment of choice in selected patients in specialized centers. currently there is a limited number of data regarding novel coronavirus 2019 infection in patients with ctph. challenging times during this outbreak due to healthcare crisis and relatively higher case fatality rates require convergence that is an ultradisciplinary collaboration which crosses disciplinary and sectorial boundaries.
1	PET scans of 35 patients with long COVID were compared using whole brain voxel based analysis to a local database of 44 healthy subjects controlled for age and sex to characterize cerebral hypometabolism.
0	a nationally representative sample of 3 133 adults in the USA stated their intentions to vaccinate themselves and their children for COVID 19. we found that 20 of people in the us intend to decline the vaccine. distrust of vaccine safety and general vaccine avoidance as implied by not having had a flu shot in the last two years are the most important determinants of vaccine hesitancy.
1	MIS C is a newly defined clinical entity in pediatric ages resembles kawasaki disease or toxic shock syndrome. glucocorticoids has critical role in reducing fever and inflammatory markers.
0	systematic reviews of COVID 19 systematic reviews need to be improved an evidence mapping. reporting and methodological quality of systematic reviews should be improved and trends and gaps in the quality clinical topics identified. 243 systematic reviews met the inclusion criteria over 50 of which 128 52 7 were from 14 developing countries with china contributing the most reviews 76 31 3. quality of each review was assessed using the Assessment of Multiple Systematic Reviews 2 AMSTAR 2 checklist and the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and meta analyses PRISMA checklist.
1	30 consecutive patients seeking medical help for persistent symptoms 30 days attributed to COVID 19 were recruited. patients underwent a multi modal evaluation including clinical psychologic virologic and specific immunologic assays.
1	aimed to describe the course of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 COVID 19 in a population of children enrolled by place of residence from diagnosis to recovery with a long term clinical and serological follow up. identified patients aged 14 years old living in the Turin Health District 3 who had SARS CoV 2 detected in at least one nasopharyngeal swab from 1st march to 1 june 2020.
0	lung ventilation studies were halted due to concern regarding spread of contaminated secretions into the ambient air. a number of variant protocols emerged in the medical literature which minimized or eliminated the ventilation component due to the persistent need to provide this critical diagnostic service without compromising the safety of staff and patients. some of these interim remedies may gain traction and earn a more permanent place in the ongoing practice of nuclear medicine.
1	long COVID encompasses a plethora of debilitating symptoms including breathlessness chest pain palpitations and orthostatic intolerance which can last for weeks or more following mild illness. we suggest that this condition may be related to a virus or immune mediated disruption of the autonomic nervous system.
1	long term symptoms often associated with COVID 19 are an emerging public health concern that is not well understood. CDC used a nonprobability based Internet panel established by Porter Novelli Public Services to administer a survey to a nationwide sample of u s adults aged 18 years.
1	contributes of dopamine related genes and environmental factors to highly sensitive personality a multi step neuronal system level approach. 480 healthy college students were given the. HSP scale and genotyped for 98 representative polymorphisms in all major. dopeamine neurotransmitter genes. two environment factors stressful life events and parental warmth that have been implicated for their contributions to personality development were included.
1	paediatric patients with suspected long COVID were examined by sup 18 ffd brain PET exam in comparison to their respective age matched control groups. children demonstrated on average 5 months later a similar brain hypometabolic pattern as that found in adult patients with long covid involving bilateral medial temporal lobes brainstem and cerebellum.
1	long COVID is the collective term to denote persistence of symptoms in those who have recovered from SARS CoV 2 infection. symptoms include fatigue, cough chest tightness breathlessness palpitations myalgia and difficulty to focus. it could be related to organ damage post viral syndrome post critical care syndrome and others.
1	multiorgan impairment in low risk individuals with post COVID 19 syndrome a prospective community based study. 201 individuals mean age 45 range 21 71 years 71 female 88 white 32 healthcare workers completed the baseline assessment median of 141 days following SARS CoV 2 infection. study population was at low risk of mortality obesity 20 hypertension 7 type 2 diabetes 2 heart disease 5 with only 19 hospitalised.
1	clinical features of pediatric post acute COVID 19 a descriptive retrospective follow up study.
0	CVST and cerebral venous sinus thrombosis post COVID 19 vaccination a systematic review. common reported adverse effects of vaccine consist of the injection sites local reaction followed by several non specific flu like symptoms. rare cases of CVST after viral vector vaccines ChAdOx1 nCoV 19 vaccine Ad26 COV2 vaccine have been reported.
1	emergence of the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 worldwide pandemic has been associated with a new constellation of cutaneous features in children. Among the unusual dermatologic presentations are the so called COVID toes inflammatory nodules of the feet and toe involving the hands and fingers These lesions mimic acral pernio the synonym being chilblains.
1	rheumatic and musculoskeletal symptoms in hospitalized COVID 19 survivors at 3 and 6 months.
1	globally there are now over 160 million confirmed cases of COVID 19 and more than 3 million deaths. patients with long COVId experience a wide range of physical and mental psychological symptoms. symptoms include fatigue shortness of breath muscle pain joint pain headache cough chest pain altered smell altered taste and diarrhoea.
1	coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 pandemic has progressed a large volume of literature has developed delineating the clinical manifestations of acute infection. reports have also started to describe persistent symptoms extending beyond the period of initial illness or hospitalization.
0	severe systemic inflammation in COVID 19 patients can lead to dysfunction of multiple organs including the heart. inhibitors of the chromatin reader protein bromodomain containing protein 4 protect cardiomyocytes from COVId associated cytokine storm.
0	study evaluated the ability of a newly developed aerosol barrier to provide maximum protection from aerosol exposure during extubation via an aerosolised particle count and high quality visualisation assessments. used a cough model having parameters similar to humans and used micron oil aerosol as well as titanium dioxide as aerosol tracers.
1	Impact of HIV Infection on COVID 19 Outcomes Among Hospitalized Adults in the U S Whether HIV infection is associated with differences in clinical outcomes among people hospitalized with COVID 19 is uncertain To evaluate the impact of HIV infection on COVID 19 outcomes among hospitalized patients Using the American Heart Associations COVID 19 Cardiovascular Disease registry we used hierarchical mixed effects models to assess the association of HIV with in hospital mortality accounting for patient demographics and comorbidities and clustering by hospital Secondary outcomes included major adverse cardiac events MACE severity of illness and length of stay LOS The registry included 21 528 hospitalization records of people with confirmed COVID 19 from 107 hospitals in 2020 including 220 people living with HIV PLWH PLWH were younger 56 0 13 0 versus 61 3 17 9 years old and more likely to be male 72 3 vs 52 7 Non Hispanic Black 51 4 vs 25 4 on Medicaid 44 5 vs 24 5 and active tobacco users 12 7 versus 6 5 Of the study population 36 PLWH 16 4 had in hospital mortality compared with 3 290 15 4 without HIV Risk ratio 1 06 95 CI 0 79 1 43 risk difference 0 9 95 CI 4 2 to 6 1 p 0 71 After adjustment for age sex race and insurance HIV was not associated with in hospital mortality aOR 1 13 95 CI 0 77 1 6 p 0 54 even after adding body mass index and comorbidities aOR 1 15
0	building resilient societies after COVID 19 the case for investing in maternal neonatal and child health. implementing appropriate policies will be challenging and requires political commitment and public engagement.
0	several vaccine candidates have been developed using different platforms including nucleic acids DNA and RNA viral vectors. several large clinical trials investigating the clinical efficacy and safety of coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 vaccines have produced promising findings. this review provides a status update and discusses issues of concern beyond vaccine effectiveness and safety including dosing regimens the mixed vaccine strategy.
0	a cross sectional survey was conducted in china from July 2020 to July 2021 A total of 3027 pregnant and new mothers were recruited. Approximately 17 2 of the participants had depression. participants who perceived that they have increased knowledge to prevent infection were less likely to have depression. there was no association between perceived severity if infected and severity of spread in our sample.
0	this article is a review of the highlights of pertinent literature published during the 12 months of 2020 that are of interest to the congenital cardiac anesthesiologist. the authors considered the following topics noteworthy to be included in this review pediatric cardiac care in the coronavirus disease 2019 era.
1	short term and long term rates of persistent postacute sequelae of COVID 19 PASC have not been systematically evaluated. incidence and evolution of PASC are dependent on time from infection organ systems and tissue affected vaccination status variant of the virus and geographic region.
0	COVID 19 has exacerbated inequalities in society but disability has been neglected. this paper contributes to this knowledge gap by providing a comprehensive analysis of the differential labour market impact by disability in the UK. using data from the labour force survey it estimates disability gaps in pre pandemic risk factors as well as changes in labour market inequality nearly one year on. disabled workers are found to face higher covid 19 related economic and health risks including being more likely to work in shutdown industries.
0	long term non invasive ventilation (LT NIV) is usually delivered during sleep it can also be delivered 24 h a day in selected patients. it is indicated for respiratory disorders responsible for chronic alveolar hypoventilation with the aim to increase life expectancy and maximize quality of life.
0	thrombotic risk in children with COVID 19 infection and MIS C A systematic review of the literature.
1	post acute sequelae of SARS cov 2 infection (PASC) is a term used to describe patients who continue to experience symptoms several weeks to months after the appearance of initial symptoms. these patients also called long haulers most commonly report protracted symptoms of fatigue cough dyspnea chest tightness difficulty concentrating arthralgia olfactory dysfunction and headache. age comorbid medical conditions and COVID 19 severity are risk factors young and previously healthy individuals are also at risk.
1	multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children MIS C associated with coronavirus disease 2019 causes significant cardiovascular involvement. echocardiographic measures of ventricular function were independently associated with adverse clinical course and cardiac sequelae. patients in the lowest LVA4LS tertile 13 had significantly higher C reactive protein and high sensitivity troponin need for intensive care and mechanical life support.
1	long term consequences of COVID 19 infection will be a major health care focus for years after the contagion subsides. most complications stem from direct viral invasion provoking an over exuberant inflammatory response driven by innate immune cells and activation of the clotting cascade causing thrombosis Injury to individual organs and their protective linings are frequent presentations. the pandemic is also an unprecedented sociocultural event transforming how people consider their health gather in groups and navigate their daily lives.
1	Acute transverse myelitis with dysautonomia following SARS CoV 2 infection A case report and review of literature. there are only few reported cases of transverse myelitis in COVID 19 patients and only one reported case identifying dysautonomy. the patient responded to intravenous methyl prednisone and bromocriptine. follow up imaging of the spine showed complete resolution of the lesion.
0	systematic review and meta analysis were conducted to study the prevalence and pattern of sleep disturbances in children and adolescents during the COVID 19 pandemic. pooled estimates for various sleep abnormalities were calculated using a random effect model Of 371 articles screened 16 studies were included Among these five studies were in preschool children two were in children with pre existing neurobehavioral disorders.
1	COVID 19 is caused by the SARS CoV 2 virus. abnormal adiposity dysglycemia dyslipidemia and hypertension are the major cardiometabolic drivers. acute kidney injury is common and is associated with poor prognosis especially in the presence of cardiovascular risk factors.
1	patients collectively made long covid and cognate term long haul covid in the first months of the pandemic. patients many with initially mild illness used various kinds of evidence and advocacy to demonstrate a longer more complex course of illness. it moved from patients through various media to formal clinical and policy channels in just a few months.
0	fathers are often the first to meet the preterm newborn to find out information about babys condition and to communicate to the mother and other family members. fathers can show psychological difficulties including affective disorders such as depression or anxiety. involving fathers in newborn care in NICU and at home is essential because it promotes the father son attachment relationship and has positive effects on the psychological and somatic development of the newborn.
0	immune response and pathogenesis of COVID 19 associated neurological disease. role of immune associated genes in the pathology is presented which could contribute to finding associated genetic risk factors. the nature of SARS CoV 2 infection can be neuroinflammatory Genes of immune response could be associated with neurodegenerative diseases.
0	the COVID 19 pandemic posed major challenges in obstetric health care services Preparedness development and implementation of new protocols were part of the needed response. this study aims to describe the strategies implemented and the perspectives of health managers on the challenges to face the pan demic in 16 different maternity hospitals in brazil.
1	case report and systematic review suggest children may experience similar long term effects to adults after clinical COVID 19. persistent symptoms in adults are emerging and the term long covid is increasingly appearing in the literature. this paper contains a case report of five children and the long term symptoms reported by their parents. it also includes a systematic literature review of the MEDLINE EMBASE and Web of Science databases.
1	physical and mental health complications post COVID 19 Scoping review Several long lasting health complications have been reported in previous coronavirus infections. this scoping review included 34 studies with follow up periods of up to 3 months post COVD 19. the most commonly reported physical health problems were fatigue range 28 to 87 pain myalgia 4 5 to 36 arthralgies 6 0 to 27 reduced physical capacity six minute walking test range 180 to 561 m and declines in physical role functioning.
0	longitudinal changes in physical activity during and after the first national lockdown due to the COVID 19 pandemic in England There is a lack of investigation on longitudinal changes. physical activity growth trajectories are heterogeneous and there are a range of factors associated with them.
1	SARS CoV 2 plays a pivotal role in inducing hyperthyroidism of Graves disease Coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 advances to affect every part of the globe and remains a challenge to the human race. some categories of the population including older people and persons with comorbidities are prone to be more vulnerable. the thyroid gland is highly expressed angiotensin converting enzyme 2 ACE2 protein which functions as a receptor for initially entering the virus into the cells.
0	a set of elementary laboratory assays quantifying senescence can be used to support treatment of COVID 19. the study was based on the observational prospective SENIORLABOR study of 1 467 healthy elderly performed since 2009 and similar approaches since 1958. results showed a significant difference in biomarker levels and health status of ageing in the large cohorts under consideration.
1	SARS CoV 2 has been identified to be responsible for the current outbreak of the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 Though major symptoms are primarily generated from the respiratory system neurological symptoms are being reported in some of the confirmed cases. it remains unclear the extent to which SARS cov 2 is present in the brain and if so its pathogenic role in the central nervous system CNS.
0	6 out of 63 patients were found to have confirmation or high probability of invasive fungal infection. the average period between admission in intensive care and diagnosis of fungal disease was noted to be 10 5 days.
1	the BEMED study was designed as multi centric double blind plaebo controlled study in patients with menières disease. the primary endpoint was the number of vertigo attacks lasting longer than 20 min as documented in a patients diary. main finding was that betahistine did not significantly better reduced the number. of vertigo attacks than placebo.
0	pandemic trends in the HIV epidemic were highlighted at the 2020 conference on retroviruses and opportunistic infections held virtually. decreasing HIV incidence reported across several countries although key regions remain heavily impacted including the us south. transgender persons and people who inject drugs continue to experience a high burden of new infections. novel strategies to detect and treat these infections are needed Innovative HIV testing strategies including self testing and assisted partner services are expanding the reach of testing.
0	Gaucher disease GD is a prototype rare disease that shares with SARS CoV 2 a disruption of the lysosomal pathway. GD patients acquired COVID 19 at a similar frequency as the general population though experienced a milder overall course. the impact of SARS cov 2 in rare disease populations has been underreported.
0	battery for deep brain stimulation depletion in Parkinsons Disease and dystonia patients a systematic review. DBS therapy is associated with the possibility of both minor and major complications. depleting implantable pulse generator IPG battery can result in sudden recurrence of PD or dystonic symptoms which can be potentially life threatening. delayed or postponed outpatient visits due to COVID 19 may be a risk factor of battery end of life consequences.
1	MIS A is a severe complication of COVID 19 disease that can lead to death. the most common treatments were intravenous immunoglobulin prednisolone and aspirin.
0	the number of cases and the death rate among children and adolescents are reported to be low compared to adults limited data have been reported. vaccine development is in progress but any approved and effective vaccine for COVID 19 will take at least 12 to 18 months. WHO the center for disease control and prevention CDC and the food and agriculture organization FAO have issued instructions and strategies.
1	SARS CoV 2 attacks the respiratory and olfactory mucosae. but it spares the parenchyma of the odourous bulb. this suggests that anosmia the loss of smell is a common symptom of COVID 19.
1	neuro PASC is a multi organ disorder ranging from mild symptoms to an incapacitating state that can last for weeks or longer following recovery from initial infection with SARS CoV 2. recognizing the growing numbers of COVID 19 patients suffering from PASC there is an urgent need to identify affected individuals early to provide the most appropriate and efficient treatments. new emerging neurological manifestations of post acute sequelae of SARS cov 2 infection are emerging.
1	incomplete systemic recovery and metabolic phenoreversion in post acute phase nonhospitalized COVID 19 patients Implications for assessment of post acute COVId 19 syndrome. blood samples were taken from patients ca 3 months after acute covid 19 infection with further assessment of symptoms at 6 months.
0	gentle medicine is a form of medicine in which physicians intervene less than they currently do. gentle medicine was originally formulated by philosopher Jacob stegenga. we advance a series of reform recommendations that could be enacted by medical staff in their everyday practice.
0	cardiovascular disease is the most described comorbidity in COVID 19 patients and it is related to the disease severity and progression. imaging can support the management assessment and prognostic evaluation of these patients.
0	breastfeeding provides the optimum source of nutrients for the neonate and its first strong shield against infection. it also lays the foundation for somatic and psychological bonding between the mother and child. this systematic review reviews the currently available information regarding the transmissibility of SARS CoV 2 through or while breastfeeding and the protection against infection that breast milk might provide.
0	SARS CoV 2 and pathological matrix remodeling mediators. induced inflammation afterwards infection engenders a high infiltration of immune cells and cytokines that triggers matrix metalloproteinases activation. when immune cells MMPs secreted mediators and several other mediators are gathered a pathological matrix remodeling occurs. this phenomenon tends to tissue destruction in the first place and a pulmonary hypertrophy and fibrosis in the second place.
0	the SARS CoV 2 virus caused crises in social economic and energy areas and medical life worldwide throughout 2020. the digital and artificial intelligence industry can be used as a professional assistant to manage and control the outbreak of the virus. this article examines the impact of artificial intelligence and digital style on industry and energy post COVID 19 pandemic.
1	brain imaging before and after COVID 19 in the UK Biobank. there is strong evidence for brain related pathologies in COVD 19 some of which could be a consequence of viral neurotropism. the vast majority of brain imaging studies so far have focused on qualitative gross pathology of moderate to severe cases often carried out on hospitalised patients.
1	post COVID syndrome is a term used to describe a group of clinical manifestations that continue beyond the acute phase of the disease. it has been proposed by the scientific committee of the Madrid College of Physicians ICOMEM.
1	non persistent viruses classically cause transient acute infections triggering immune responses aimed at the elimination of the pathogen. symptoms during the acute phase are often linked to dysregulated immune responses that disappear once the patient recovers. conditions resulting from previous transient infection are termed post acute sequelae PAS.
1	COVID 19 associated hospitalizations and deaths have occurred more frequently in adults but severe outcomes can also occur in children and adolescents 1 2. schools are opening for in person learning and many prekindergarten children are returning to early care and education programs during a time when the number of cases caused by the highly transmissible B 1 617 2 delta variant of SARS CoV 2 is increasing. the cumulative incidence of COVD 19. associated hospitalisations was 49 7 per 100 000 children.
0	perinatal and neonatal congenital heart disease patients represent a unique population with higher morbidity and mortality compared to other neonate patient groups. parents and families often face a high burden of responsibility after hospital discharge. barriers to pediatric palliative care persist largely due to the perception that PC consultation is indicative of giving up.
1	in the light of missing randomised controlled trials some arguments suggest that pulmonary rehabilitation has beneficial effects beyond natural recovery.
1	ANCOHVID multicentre 6 month follow up study. COVID 19 affects more than 10 of patients. most severe cases present a higher frequency of sequelae or persistent symptomatology during the 6 months after discharge. main outcome measures were return to the emergency services hospital readmission and post discharge death.
1	long COVID is a frequent condition in children and adolescents. the scientific community should investigate and explore the pathophysiology.
1	COVID 19 sequelae in adults aged less than 50 years A systematic review aims to evaluate the available evidence. there is emerging evidence of long term sequelas in a considerable proportion of patients after recovery. the spectrum and severity of such sequeles should be systematically reviewed. a systematic literature search was conducted with a cutoff date of the 17th September 2020 according to PRISMA guidelines.
1	Long COVID 19 Syndrome refers to survivors 4 months after initial symptoms onset. it is important to understand the systemic effects of long covid 19 syndrome its presentations and the need for rehabilitations to restore functional recovery in survivors Government healthcare workers and survivor groups should collaborate to establish a self sustaining system to facilitate follow up and rehabilitations.
0	the COVID 19 pandemic and the ensuing socioeconomic crisis has impeded progress towards the UN Sustainable Development Goals UN SDGs. this paper provides insight into how green recovery stimulus driven by circular economy CE based solid waste management SWM could assist in attaining the intended targets of the SDG. policy technology and public involvement issues may hinder the shift to the circular economy model.
1	compared with control subjects the increase in heart rate was attenuated and recovery delayed after a 6 minute walk test in participants after infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2. alterations have potential to constrain not only exercise tolerance but also participation in free living physical activity in women during post acute recovery from COVID 19.
1	functional neuroimaging using F 18 FDG PET CT in amnestic mild cognitive impairment aMCI is at a higher risk of developing Alzheimers Dementia AD than their cognitively normal peers. decreased glucose metabolism with F 18 fluorodeoxyglucose FDG positron emission tomography PET is a downstream marker of neuronal injury and neurodegeneration. risk of. developing AD is higher in patients with a pattern of AD related glucose metabolic changes.
1	autoantibodies stabilize neutrophil extracellular traps in COVID 19. if detected to elucidate their potential functions and clinical associations.
1	rehabilitation is increasingly valued among the supportive care fields to combat COVID 19 as currently definitive curative treatment remains largely absent. nosocomial spread remains a high risk for healthcare workers with comparable high ratios of exposed workers suffering from the disease with more severe clinical course. rehabilitation is to protect rehabilitation physicians and cover all person-to-person interactions.
0	association of blood groups with the severity and outcome of coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 in children.
1	assessment of activities of daily living in patients post COVID 19 infection a systematic review. little is known about the impact of the disease on functional ability related to performing ADL. the barthel index and adl score were the most used assessment tools across subjects with different intrinsic capacity and context levels.
1	COVID 19 is an emerging global health emergency caused by the novel coronavirus severe acute respiratory syndrome cov 2 SARS CoV 2. patients commonly develop neurological symptoms such as headache altered mental status anosmia and myalgia. neurological side effects associated with COVId 19 treatments were also discussed.
1	neurological symptoms signs and diagnoses have been documented in an increasing number of patients infected by the severe acute respiratory syndrome Coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 which causes Coronavirus Disease 2019 COVID 19. neurological manifestations symptoms signs or diagnoses both at the onset or during SARS cov 2 infection is associated with a more severe disease as demonstrated by a longer hospital stay higher in hospital death rate or the continued presence of sequelae at discharge.
0	repurposing regulatory agency approved drugs and investigational compounds with known safety profiles can significantly fast track the drug development timeline over i de novo i drug discovery. advantages are vital in any epidemic or pandemic situation where hospital beds are occupied by patients for whom there is no known treatment. key druggable targets explored were those involved in viral entry viral replication and viral induced ARDS as well as viral proteases.
0	prevalence of SARS CoV 2 RNA on inanimate surfaces a systematic review and meta analysis. prevalences on high medium and low risk surfaces were 0 22 CI sub 95 sub 0 152 0 296 0 04 CIs sub 95 under 0 027 0 090.
0	COVID 19 is caused by SARS CoV 2 a novel coronavirus that emerged in china in December 2019 and was declared a global pandemic by world health organization by march 11th 2020. severe manifestations are caused by a combination of direct tissue injury by viral replication and associated cytokine storm resulting in progressive organ damage. we reviewed published literature between January 1st 2000 and June 30th 2020 with a focus on virus host interactions and immunological mechanisms.
0	novel coronavirus first discovered in late december 2019 has spread to many countries around the world. discovery and control of asymptomatic patients with COVID 19 are the key issues in future epidemic prevention and recovery.
0	children with COVID 19 are more likely to have mild or no symptoms compared with adults and may represent important vectors for transmitting the virus. little is known about the duration of respiratory and gastrointestinal viral shedding in children. a systematic review was conducted to determine the average shedding times.
1	long COVID is a postviral illness that can affect survivors of COVID 19 regardless of initial disease severity or age. symptoms include fatigue dyspnea gastrointestinal and cardiac problems cognitive impairments myalgia and others. this review proposes perhaps for the first time that persistent brainstem dysfunction may also be involved.
1	long COVID 19 symptoms the so called long covid are rising. little is known about prevalence risk factors or whether it is possible to predict a protracted course early in the disease.
1	long term clinical follow up of patients suffering from moderate to severe COVID 19 infection a monocentric prospective observational cohort study. patients admitted to the university hospital of liège with moderate to severely confirmed COVId 19 discharged between 2 March and 1 October 2020 were recruited prospectively. follow up at 3 and 6 months after hospital discharge included demographic and clinical data biological data pulmonary function tests and high resolution computed tomography CT scans of the chest.
0	the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 pandemic led to an unprecedented demand for health care at a distance and telehealth the delivery of patient care using telecommunications technology became more widespread. the american academy of pediatrics (aap) is continuing its review of pediatric telemedicine in an era of digital disruption.
0	lung transplantation has been successfully employed for both CARDS and post COVID fibrosis in a limited number of patients worldwide. however, transplant programs must consider a number of unique challenges.
0	decline in vaccination coverage in the first months of 2020 as an indirect effect of the COVID 19 pandemic. literature review in medical databases retrieved 143 articles out of which 48 were selected and included in the review. preliminary data from the first 4 months indicate a decline in diphtheria tetanus pertussis coverage generally considered the marker of vaccination coverage across countries.
0	this systematic review summarizes what is known about health related physical fitness cardiovascular endurance muscular strength and endurance flexibility and body composition and physical activity among homeschool youth. findings have implications for all american youth as they return to public school from mandated schooling at home during the COVID 19 pandemic.
1	multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children during the coronavirus disease 2019 in Saudi Arabia. MIS C has a spectrum of clinical and laboratory presentations and the clinicians need to have a high index of suspicion for the diagnosis.
1	COVID 19 survivors report persistent or new symptoms in a subset of patients who have recovered from acute illness. long term sequelae involve all systems with a negative impact on mental health well being and quality of life.
0	helmets can be used to deliver noninvasive ventilatory support both as continuous positive airway pressure and noninvasive positive pressure ventilation NPPV. technical aspects include how to prevent CO sub 2 sub rebreathing and improve patient ventilator synchrony. clinical studies describe the application of helmets in cardiogenic pulmonary oedema pneumonia COVID 19 postextubation and immune suppression.
1	longest reported case of symptomatic COVID 19 reporting positive for over 230 days in an immunocompromised patient in the united states. patients with immunosuppression especially those taking corticosteroids are at increased risk of prolonged viral shedding.
1	chronic kidney disease patients infected with SARS CoV 2 should be monitored by rehabilitation professionals as the cardiopulmonary musculoskeletal and cognitive systems might be deteriorated. the overall aim of this review is to provide a theoretical basis for early improvements of physical function health to all CKD stages by rehabilitation therapies.
0	COVID 19 pandemic has disrupted face to face teaching in medical schools globally The use of remote learning as an emergency measure has affected students faculty support staff and administrators. this narrative review paper examines the challenges and opportunities faced by medical schools in implementing remote learning for basic science teaching.
1	confocal microscopy identifies corneal nerve fibre loss and increased dendritic cells in patients with and without long COVID. patients with neurological symptoms 4 weeks after acute covid 19 had a lower CNFD p 0 032 and increased DC density.
1	cough is one of the most common presenting symptoms of COVID 19 along with fever and loss of taste and smell. cough can persist for weeks or months after SARS CoV 2 infection often accompanied by chronic fatigue cognitive impairment dyspnoea or pain. we hypothesize that the pathways of neurotropism neuroinflammation and neuroimmunomodulation through the vagal sensory nerves lead to a cough hypersensitivity state.
0	the novel 2019 coronavirus disease COVID 19 pandemic has spread rapidly worldwide and poses a global health threat. this study assessed the prevalence of anxiety and depression symptoms in Chinese students during the covid 19 pan demic and explored potential moderating factors.
0	COVID 19 pandemic has brought many changes to the way that patients with NCDs are managed with telemedicine and ehealth becoming more common. a huge amount of work will be put into initiatives to promote adherence to vaccination programs.
1	during the global pandemic of covid 19 the hospital setting transitional care management was challenged by the complexities of the rapidly changing health care environment. this article explores the strategic tactics to ensure effective communication between team members patient and family engagement in discharge planning.
1	plasma metabolomic profiling of patients recovered from COVID 19 with pulmonary sequelae 3 months after discharge may help to discover therapeutic targets.
0	cerebral venous thrombosis in the context of COVID 19 vaccinations Evaluation management and scientific questions. Vaccine induced immune mediated thrompocytopenia or VITT is a recent and rare phenomenon. strategies for rapid evaluation and treatment of CVT exist including inflammatory marker measurements PF4 assays and non heparin anticoagulation.
1	COVID 19 can lead to severe disease courses with multiple organ involvement respiratory and neurological functional impairments. respiratory therapy should be an essential part of dysphagia management to re establish cough effectiveness and breathing swallowing coordination.
1	COVID 19 is caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 infection. latest estimates suggest that 10 to 20 of the SARS patients who undergo an acute symptomatic phase are experiencing effects of the disease beyond 12 weeks after diagnosis. exercise programs and physical activity levels are well known modulators of the clinical manifestations and prognosis in many chronic diseases.
0	study aimed to synthesize literature on the psychological impact of COVID 19 among children and adolescents. study designs were primarily single group cross sectional though a few prospective retrospective designs were also identified.
0	COVID 19 has become a global priority because the current pandemic has led to societal difficulties threatening the fabric of our lifestyle with increased morbidity and mortality. suicide rates are estimated to increase by anywhere between 1 to 145 globally in response to the pandemie and action needs to be taken. a narrative literature review on high quality evidence sources limited to human studies and publications written in english language only has been used.
1	post COVID 19 complications require simultaneous characterisation and management to plan policy and health system responses. a 12 month single centre prospective study in 1325 individuals. demographics symptoms comorbidities investigations treatments functional recovery specialist referral and rehabilitation.
0	impact of severe acute respiratory syndrome SARS coronavirus coV 2 infection on pregnancy is still unclear. presence of angiotensin converting enzyme ACE2 in human placentas indicates that this organ can be vulnerable for viral infection during pregnancy.
1	a subset of patients who sustain an acute SARS CoV 2 infection are developing a wide range of persistent symptoms that do not resolve over the course of many months. these patients are being given the diagnosis long COVID or post acute sequelae of covid 19 PASC. individual patients with a PASC diagnosis have different underlying biological factors driving their symptoms none of which are mutually exclusive.
0	since december 2019 the outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 has spread worldwide. the majority of patients show mild symptoms the disease can rapidly progress in severe cases and develop acute respiratory distress syndrome ARDS. high risk aerosol producing procedures such as endotracheal intubation may put the healthcare workers at a high risk of infection.
0	SARS CoV 2 associated acute disseminated encephalomyelitis a systematic review of the literature. the specific clinical features of ADEM associated with SARS cov 2 have not been previously evaluated.
1	coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 has taken the lives of hundreds of thousands of americans leaving millions of survivors in its wake. the enormous number of people who survived acute illness but continue to have symptoms has highlighted the need for standardized evaluation. this review based on the current literature and our experience aims to guide the care of patients who have survived covid 19.
0	glycaemic control has not deteriorated for 25 27 cohorts and improved in 23 27 study groups despite restricted access to diabetes clinics. telemonitoring of glucose metrics has been widely used during the pandemic allowing an exploration of the impact of COVID 19 inside and outside the hospital setting.
1	a detailed understanding of long term SARS CoV 2 specific T cell responses and their relationship to humoral immunity and markers of inflammation is urgently needed. data are also lacking as to whether and how adaptive immune and inflammatory responses differ in individuals that experience persistent symptomatic sequelae months following acute infection compared to those with complete rapid recovery.
0	metabolic health emerges as pivotal in COVID 19 pathogenesis and the immune systems response. leveraging insulin resistance biomarkers along with micronutrient deficiencies will allow for a diagnostic window and provide functional therapeutic targets.
1	post COVID recovery characteristics of chronically critically ill patients admitted to a long term acute care hospital. LTAC hospitals are vital in the care of CCI patients but their role for patients post covid 19 infection is not known. patients on average spent over six weeks in the transferring hospital mostly in the ICU are largely elderly carry the known risk factors.
0	probiotics have been investigated as adjuvants in farm conditions and as models to understand their potential in human vaccinations with promising results. however the results for clinical use are still controversial especially in particular settings such as during the last trimester of pregnancy. probiotic administration influences the microbiota composition and acts as a biological response modifier.
1	the damage caused by SARSCoV 2 is multifactorial and that its extension goes beyond lung inflammation and the acute phase with the appearance of numerous complications and sequelae. the present study aims to review the existing literature focusing on these three issues and briefly present our own preliminary experience.
0	children aged 7 to 10 years from 12 randomly selected primary schools in urban and rural districts of Klagenfurt Austria. previous studies have shown reductions in self reported physical activity levels in children associated with implementation of COVID 19 mitigation measures. data on objectively assessed health parameters are limited.
1	post COVID 19 exacerbation of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva in a 45 year old female patient with known FOP. cytokine analysis of a plasma sample obtained during a flare up after covid 19 infection showed a significantly elevated pro inflammatory cytokines. patient had multiple flare ups and extensive heterotopic bone formation in multiple soft tissue areas of the neck.
0	translation of known drivers of COVID 19 disease severity to design better SARS CoV 2 vaccines. vaccines are once again the most important public health policy to combat infectious disease. identifying mechanisms of natural immunity that result in the control of infection and prevent poor clinical outcomes provides an alternative approach.
1	a large subset of patients with coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 are experiencing symptoms well beyond the claimed 2 week recovery period for mild cases. these long term sequelae have come to be known as long COVId Originating out of a dedicated online support group a team of patients formed the Patient Led Research Collaborative and conducted the first research. the article discusses the history and value of patient centric and patient led research as well as key findings to date.
1	long COVID syndrome associated brain fog and chemofog luteolin to the rescue. symptoms especially brain fog are similar to those experienced by patients undertaking or following chemotherapy for cancer. the pathogenesis of brain fog in these illnesses is presently unknown but may involve neuroinflammation via mast cells stimulated by pathogenic and stress stimuli to release mediators that activate microglia.
0	degenerate CD8 epitopes mapping to structurally constrained regions of the spike protein a T cell based way out from the SARS Cov 2 variants storm. despite dampened immune responses documented for some SARS cov 2 mutations available vaccines appear to maintain an overall satisfactory protective activity against most variants of concern VoC. this may be attributed at least in part to the widely multi specific nature of CD8 T cell responses.
1	COVID 19 illness can be associated with significant intermediate and potentially longer term physical limitations. the ccs rapid response team has generated this document to provide guidance to health care providers on the optimal management of patients with suspected cardiac complications. it is postulated that cardiac injury might be linked to symptoms that persist after resolution of acute infection as part of this syndrome.
1	persistent pulmonary pathology after COVID 19 is associated with high viral load weak antibody response and high levels of matrix metalloproteinase 9. association between pulmonary sequelae and markers of disease severity as well as pro fibrotic mediators was studied in 108 patients 3 months after hospital admission. NOR SOLIDARITY trial investigated the efficacy of remdesivir and hydroxychloroquine HCQ.
0	a rapid review investigating the potential impact of a pandemic on the mental health of young people aged 12 25 years was conducted. the objective of this research was to summarise existing evidence on the potential. impact of an infectious disease outbreak. this review found 3 359 papers which was reduced to 12 papers for data extraction. gender coping self reported physical health and adoption of precautionary measures appear to play a role in moderating the psychological impact.
1	pediatric multisystem inflammation syndrome was observed in multiple countries recently and this syndrome was suspected to be associated with COVID 19. there is still no standardized diagnostic criteria and treatment regimen for PMIS while the etiology and pathogenesis still remain unclear. our study documented three common types of PMIS clinical presentation persistent fever and gastrointestinal symptoms shocked with heart dysfunction and kawasaki disease like syndrome.
0	SARS CoV 2 Nucleocapsid protein attenuates stress granules and interacts with mRNAs to impair host stress response Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 nucleocapsid N protein is essential for viral replication making it a promising target for antiviral drug and vaccine development SARS CoV 2 infected patients exhibit an uncoordinated immune response however the underlying mechanistic details of this imbalance remain obscure Here starting from a functional proteomics workflow we catalogued the protein protein interactions of SARS CoV 2 proteins including an evolutionarily conserved specific interaction of N with the stress granule resident proteins G3BP1 and G3BP2 N localizes to stress granules and sequesters G3BPs away from their typical interaction partners thus attenuating stress granule formation We found that N binds directly to host mRNAs in cells with a preference for 3 UTRs and modulates target mRNA stability We show that the N protein rewires the G3BP1 mRNA binding profile and suppresses the physiological stress response of host cells which may explain the imbalanced immune response observed in SARS CoV 2 infected patients
1	long COVID and breathlessness an overview. review of what is known so far about post acute covid 19 and the underlying pathophysiology related to this condition. will then explore how community nurses can monitor and support patients with symptoms of breathlessness.
0	COVID 19 pandemic pressured medical schools globally to shift to distance learning DL as an alternative way to ensure that the content delivered is satisfactory for student progression. this work aims at mapping priorities for post-COVID planning for better balance between face to face and DL. virtual mapping session was held with 79 faculty from 19 countries They worked in small groups to determine upsides and downsides.
1	coronavirus 2 infection is associated with vomiting diarrhoea abdominal pain and difficulty in feeding but these symptoms tend to be mild. multisystem inflammatory syndrome MIS C is characterized by more frequent gastrointestinal manifestations with greater severity sometimes presenting as peritonitis. specific conditions such as inflammatory bowel disease IBD and liver transplantation may pose a risk for the more severe presentation of COVID 19.
0	social isolation caused by the COVID 19 pandemic has drastically affected lifestyles from sedentary behaviors to reduced physical activity. there was a significant decline in physical and other meaningful activities of daily living. in children collateral effects include inadequate nutrition with a risk of both overweight and underweight addiction to screens. older adults are frequently unable to adapt to lockdown measures and suffer from depression and cognitive complaints.
0	erythema multiforme EM is an acute cutaneous eruption often associated with infections and more rarely with drugs. a systematic search of PubMed MEDLINE Scimago Scopus and ISI Web of science was performed. 14 articles were selected describing a total of 70 patients. in these cases EM seems to affect patients younger than 30 years or older than 55 years Infrequently some drugs used in the management of COVID 19 may induce EM especially hydroxychloroquine.
1	more than 100 persistent symptoms of sARS cov 2 long COVID were identified in a scoping review of the literature. type and prevalence of symptoms are not well reported using systematic literature reviews.
0	human miRNAs are homologous towards COVID 19 genome. host miRNA miRNA interaction can effectively inhibit viral transmission and replication. miR 4476 had the strongest binding with viral pre miRNA G 21 8 kcal mol due to maximum base pairing in the seed sequence Pre miR 651 secondary structure was most stable.
1	cognitive behavioural therapy (cbt) is already being offered as an effective treatment for long COVID and post COVD 19 fatigue syndrome. however no study into the efficacy of CBT for post COVId 19 fatigue sydrome has been published. reanalysis of the qure study found that the study suffered from many serious methodological problems including relying on one subjective primary outcome in the non blinded CBT treatment group.
0	mental disorders typically start in childhood and persist causing high individual and collective burdens. systematic review and meta analysis to inform policymaking to address childrens mental health in high income countries.
0	COVID 19 associated acute respiratory distress syndrome ARDS survivors have long term consequences in health status exercise capacity and health related quality of life HRQoL.
0	telehealth appointments have grown in popularity due to the COVID 19 global pandemic Three cases presented in this article show several different perspectives. the hope is that this article sheds light on some of the potential setbacks that can come from the use of virtual appointments. readers should be able to discuss ways in which there could be solutions for these barriers.
0	optic nerve and macular parameters of children who recovered from COVID 19 compared with healthy children using optical coherence tomography OCT Cohort study. children between 6 and 18 years old with laboratory confirmed SARS CoV 2 infection and historical controls were included. patients underwent an ophthalmological examination including macular and optic nerve OCT.
0	childhood obesity with persistent chronic inflammation is a worldwide epidemic Obesity causes dysregulation throughout the immune system. obesity alters the baseline activation state of immune cells and affecting the ability of the host to combat pathogens and malignancy and respond appropriately to vaccination. mechanistic research in pediatric obesity is limited and this impacts our ability to care for these children.
1	in the COVID 19 pandemic caused by sARS cov 2 many individuals experience prolonged symptoms termed long COVId. the exact causes being unknown. aimed to examine the relationship between the oral microbiome and the duration of long covid symptoms.
0	COVID 19 and violence against children a review of early studies. review identified 48 recent working papers technical reports and journal articles. most studies have focused on physical or psychological violence at home. studies have relied on administrative records while other data sources such as surveys or big data were less commonly employed.
0	Whether the current COVID 19 pandemic negatively impacts cardiovascular health is unclear. the aim of the rapid review was to investigate whether COVId 19 lockdown influences modifiable cardiovascular risk factors i e physical inactivity sedentary behaviour smoking alcohol use unhealthy diet obesity bad blood lipids and hypertension. only studies using probability sampling were included in order to ensure the representativeness of the target population.
0	i Fonsecaea i associated cerebral phaeohyphomycosis in a post COVID 19 patient a first case report. a recently diagnosed diabetic omani lady presented to our hospital 6 weeks after recovery and discharge from hospitalization for moderate COV 19 pneumonia.
0	antimicrobial resistant bacteria present one of the biggest threats to public health. resistant bacteria have been demonstrated to be transmittable to humans in many different environments including public settings in urban built environments. there is very little surveillance of AMR in the built environment outside of healthcare settings and wastewater.
1	post Ebola sequelae among EVD child survivors in Sierra Leone. compared self reported symptoms between EVd child survivors and their close household contacts over one year after the end of the outbreak.
0	lockdown and distance learning during the COVID 19 pandemic are likely to increase the social class achievement gap. teachers developed online academic material while parents taught the exercises and lessons provided by teachers to their children at home. we argue that by making the learning process rely more than ever on families rather than teachers school closures exacerbate social class academic disparities.
0	this review summarizes current knowledge regarding the mechanisms of immune response against severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 infection and clinical manifestations. it focuses on children and patients presenting with congenital or acquired immune deficiency. specific immune defects may either serve as an experimentum naturae entailing this risk or may not be relevant enough to impact the host defense against the virus. findings may help unveil pathogenetic mechanisms of the infection and suggest new therapeutic strategies.
0	SARS CoV 2 is what has caused the COVID 19 pandemic. early viral infection is mediated by the SARS coV 2 homo trimeric Spike S protein with its receptor binding domains RBDs in the receptor accessible state. Molecular dynamics simulation on the s protein with a focus on the function of its i N i terminal domains NTDs is performed.
0	the identification of vulnerable subgroups and risk factors associated with the susceptibility to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 is of utmost importance in a pandemic scenario. potential interactions between renin angiotensin system RAS immune markers and COVID 19 play a role in disease outcome in specific groups of patients.
0	COVID 19 pandemic has amplified health and social inequities for refugees asylum seekers undocumented migrants transient migrant workers and other newcomers. clinicians working in a range of primary care clinical settings are being guided on how to provide effective care and support.
0	children and families have had to adapt their daily lives during the COVID 19 pandemic. this study aimed to describe changes in the weight related behaviors of children with obesity after the onset of the disease. families were participants in a randomized trial testing a clinic community pediatric obesity treatment model.
0	the community engaged lab is a model for developmental labs. it uses our own activities during the pandemic as a case study. we formed new community partnerships engaged with child citizen scientists in online research and opened new avenues of virtual programming One year later we see modest but quantifiable impact of this approach.
1	post COVID 19 precautions based on lessons learned from past pandemics a review in view of the spread of the contagious coronavirus disease. the literature shows a continuous struggle of humans with disease outbreaks with the most adverse impact of the spanish flu killing 20 50 million people. social distancing compulsory mask wearing avoiding public gatherings and washing hands regularly.
1	COVID 19 survivors discharged from hospital between January 21 2020 and January 11 2021 and healthy controls were included. serum levels of laminin and von willebrand factor were measured 6 months after discharge. the recovery time after infection is currently unknown and long term observations are required.
0	COVID 19 pandemic and its effects on the health and safety of sex workers in the united states. emerging evidence suggests that sexe workers face unique and profound risks arising from the covid 19 pan demic. findings suggest sext workers need to be educated about the risks and develop strategies to mitigate them.
0	telehealth and autism prior to and in the age of COVID 19: a systematic and critical review of the last decade. autism spectrum disorder (asd) has been particularly affected due to the often intensive service needs required by this population. the aim of this review was to examine the evidence base methodology and outcomes of studies. 55 studies met inclusion criteria and quality analysis.
0	COVID 19 a worldwide pandemic has given an awakening and introspective moment for all surgeons involved with aerosol generating procedures. we ought to modify our practices to learn to live with it if we wish to prevail over it. this article outlines similar small changes that can be done in our minor maxillofacial surgery practice to safeguard both patients and healthcare workers.
0	SARS CoV 2 nosocomial infection acquired in a french university hospital during the 1st wave of the covid 19 pandemic a prospective study.
1	long COVID defines a series of chronic symptoms that patients may experience after resolution of acute COVId. ME CFS is a chronic medical illness characterized by a constellation of symptoms.
0	connectedness self esteem and prosocial behaviors were the most common protective factors to social isolation.
0	aging is a complex process characterized by a functional decline in multiple physiological systems. the immune system of older people is well equipped to react to often encountered antigens but has a low response to vaccination. memory B cells are mostly high specialized antigen selected CD27 sup bright. B cells from older individuals produced significantly fewer IgM and IgA antibodies compared to younger individuals. this suggests that the aged immune system is less able to react and consequently protect the organism.
1	post COVID syndrome refers to symptoms persisting for more than three weeks after the diagnosis of COVD 19. the incidence of post COVID syndrome is estimated at 10 35 while for hospitalized patients it may reach 85 Fatigue is the most common symptom reported in 17 5 72 of postCOVID cases followed by residual dyspnea with an incidence ranging from 10 40 Mental problems chest pain and olfactory and gustatory dysfunction may affect up to 26 22 and 11 of patients respectively.
1	microRNAs are powerful regulators of gene expression. they are intensely investigated as therapeutic targets up to the clinical stage.
1	post COVID pulmonary fibrosis therapeutic efficacy using with mesenchymal stem cells how the lung heals. COVId 19 is an acute respiratory infectious disease caused by SARS COV 2 Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus. it mainly causes the respiratory complications of acute respiratory distress syndrome ARDS cytokine storm and severe immune disruptions.
0	COVID 19 was declared a pandemic in march 2020 resulting in many countries worldwide calling for lockdowns. this systematic review aimed to review the existing literature on the effects of lockdown measures on child and adolescent mental health. it included individual studies reporting on a wide range of mental health outcomes including risk and protective factors.
1	PASC or long COVID syndrome is emerging as a major health issue in patients with previous SARS CoV 2 infection. symptoms commonly experienced by patients include fatigue palpitations chest pain dyspnea reduced exercise tolerance and brain fog. signs of cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction appear to be common in PASC and are similar to those observed in postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome.
1	some patients complain of persisting symptoms after acute COVID 19 There is no universal definition yet for these post acute sequelae also termed long COVId. common complaints include fatigue with exercise intolerance dyspnea on exertion chest pain and neuropsychiatric symptoms Female sex comorbidities and severity of the acute disease have been identified as risk factors.
0	undergraduate medical education has been affected by the COVID 19 pandemic a systematic review. the study aims to provide medical educators with insights into the current status and prospects of medical education.
1	a significant proportion of COVID 19 patients are suffering from prolonged. Post Covid 19 Fatigue Syndrome with characteristics typically found in. myalgic encephalomyelitis chronic fatigue syndrome ME CFS. no clear pathophysiological explanation as yet has been provided. a novel paradigm for a. post covid 19 fatigue syndrome is developed here from a recent unifying model for ME.
1	postacute sequelae of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 infection (PASC) affect between 33 and 98 of coronaviral disease 2019 survivors. symptoms include pulmonary cardiovascular neurologic psychiatric gastrointestinal renal endocrine and musculoskeletal systems. disproportionate impact on racial ethnic minorities older patients patients with preexisting conditions and rural residents.
1	Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children and Adolescents MIS C under the Setting of COVID 19 A Review of Clinical Presentation Workup and Management. symptoms mimicking kawasaki disease and. Kawasaki Disease Shock Syndrome Demographically MIS peaks in children aged 5 to 14 years with clusters in. Europe North and Latin America seen later followed by Asia. mainstay of treatment includes the use of intravenous immunoglobulins steroids immune modulators and aspirin.
1	SARS CoV 2 infection depends on the key entry factors angiotensin converting enzyme 2 ACE2 and transmembrane serine protease 2 TMPRSS2. this study analyzed and presented the landscape of cell type identities for ace2 sup su TMprass2 cells across different human tissues.
0	development and optimization of heavy metal lead biosensors in biomedical and environmental applications. the detrimental impact of the lead Pb on human health has been studied for years. in this review article we report on the methods to prevent Pb poison for further Pb toxicological research. our well performed version of met lead 1 44 M1 has achieved a limit of detection of 10 nM 2 ppb 0 2 g dL and almost 5 fold in dynamic range DR.
