0	TROP2 is overexpressed in many squamous cell carcinomas andpromotes tumor development and invasion. overexpression ofTROP2 negatively associated with patient survival degree of tumordifferentiation and tissue mechanics. zhangkllzu163com Baoping Zhang Shuting gao and Ruiping li contributed equally to this work. the association between TROP2-expression and occurrence and development of OSCC remains to beunderstood.
0	despite being considered a respiratory virus it has become clear that other clinical presentations are possible and some of these are quite frequent. a case of a man in his late 70s showing atypical symptoms in general practice is presented. apart from fever the patient complained of diarrhoea borborygmus loss of appetite and nausea. due to his symptoms malignant disease was suspected and he was referred for further testing which revealed typical COVID19 findings on a chest CT scan.
1	"Clin Cancer Res 2012 18 6599 6608 23052255 " 22 Shaw AT Ceritinib in ALK-rearranged non-small-cell lung cancer. " 23 Galkin AV Identification of NVP-TAE684 a potent selective and efficacious inhibitor of NPM-ALK. " 25 Morris SW Fusion of a kinase gene ALK to a nucleolar protein gene NPM in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. "a.
2	rectus sheath block rsb is known to attenuate postoperative pain and reduce perioperative opioidconsumption. a retrospective study was performed to examine the effects of brsb in cytoreductive surgery crs combined with hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy hipec.
2	edible vaccine might be the solution for the potential hazard associated with the parenteral vaccines. edible vaccines are composed of antigenic protein introduced into the plant cells which induce these altered plants to produce the encoded protein edible vaccine has no way of forming infection and safety is assured edible vaccine is safe and easytoadminister and has reduced manufacturing cost. the edible vaccine could be used to control outbreaks that might be controlled by edible vaccine with the possible future research and applied application of edible vaccine. dr.
2	deregulated circular rnas are associated with the development of cancer and therapyresistance. circsmarca5 can bind to its parent gene locus forming an rloop which results in transcriptional pausing at exon of smara5 and the production of a truncated nonfunctional protein. this study provides evidence that overexpression of circrca5 is sufficient to improve drug sensitivity of breast cancer cell lines in vitro and in vivo.
0	cancer is still one of the most prevalent and highmortality diseases summing more than million deaths in. this has motivated researchers to study the application of machine learningbased solutions to accelerate its diagnosis and help its prevention. in this study we compare the performance of different autoencoders AEs used as a deep neural network weight initialization technique. we also apply the same methodology to two additional datasets that include features extracted from images of malaria thin blood smears and breast masses cellnuclei. a..
2	all disclosure information for gie editors can be found online at httpwwwgie contentconictonterest cme editors and their disclosures are as follows. cme activities including their associated sare copyrighted by the asge gastrointestinal endoscopy volume no wwwgie 0ccme activitycontinuing medical education questions september. a consensus was reached that all of the following advanced gi procedures can be safely deferred for weeks exceptpossible answers.
1	RNAi was used to generate pax6 knock-down (PAX6 KD) cell lines. pGCSIL-pax6 shRNA-GFP was infected into H1299 and A549 cells. PAX6 mRNA level in these cells was determined by real-time PCR. inhibition of PAx6 expression leads to a decline in cell proliferation.
0	"differentiation of human stromal mesenchymal stem cells hMSCs is a critical procedure for the development of osteoblast SNHG14 may be dysregulated in the differentiation of h MSCs ". miR2861 suppressed osteoblast differentiationof hHSCs. snhg14 could induce osteogenic differentiation ofhMSc in vitro. osteoblasts differentiate to many cell types including chondrocytes and adipocytes [ a.
0	AMPK signaling can also reversibly regulate hyperactive MAPK signaling in cancer cells by phosphorylating its key components RAFKSRfamily kinases. this can affect not only carcinogenesis but also the outcomes of targetedcancer therapies against MAPK andAMPK. yuanjiminszhospitalcom hujianchengnccscomsg1Department of pharmacology and immunology. the aim of this review is to provide a  .
0	circulating tumor cells CTCs aremarkers for tumor prognosis and can also be used to monitor therapeutic efcacy andtumor recurrence. medicalimage recognition based on machine learning can effectively reduce the workload and improve the level of automation. we used machine learning to identifycTCs First we collected the CTC test results of patientsAfter immunouorescence staining each picture presented a positive CTC cell nucleus and several negative controls. the images of CTC.
1	extra copies of an oncogene may give tumor cells a growth advantage as well as being a mechanism associated with different sensitivity to therapies. the identification of amplified target genes is of great importance for cancer diagnosis and prognosis ERBB2/HER-2 in breast cancer being the best example. SETDB1 gene amplification occurs in lung cancer cell lines and primary tumors.
1	dust diseases silicosis and asbestosis were the first occupational diseases to have widespread impact on workers. knowledge that asbestos and silica were hazardous to health became public several decades after the industry knew of the health concerns. companies that used and produced asbestos have continued and intensified their efforts to alter the asbestoscancer literature. NEDD9 invasion metastasis breast cancer MMP14 Int J Occup Environ health 1077-3525 2049-3967 Maney Publishing Suite 1C Joseph' a.
0	"deltalike protein DLL3 may be related with prognosis in patients with small cell lung cancer SCLC ". this finding remains controversial in smallcell lung cancer. our metaanalysis confirms that in Asian populations high expression ofdll3 was a potential poorprognostic biomarker for SCLC RR CI I2 p. but the expression of Dll3 wasn't correlated with sex RRCI i2p smoking history and tumour stage. a total of.
0	"differentiation of human stromal mesenchymal stem cells hMSCs is a critical procedure for the development of osteoblast SNHG14 may be dysregulated in the differentiation of h MSCs ". miR2861 suppressed osteoblast differentiationof hHSCs. snhg14 could induce osteogenic differentiation ofhMSc in vitro. osteoblasts differentiate to many cell types including chondrocytes and adipocytes [ a.
1	out of 76 sequenced lung cancer samples, 36.1% of EGFR mutations were missense along exon 19. 50% of lung cancers metastasized to local regions 27.3% to lymphs and 46.2% to distant ans in our sample set. missense mutation distribution in the exons and function domains of KRAS Out of 77 sequenced breast cancer samples 100% of mutations in exon 2. TP53 17(22.4%) 7(41.2%) 1(16..
2	fuzzy logic allows us to introduce more flexible data agglomerationtechniques from the analysis of scientific literature. fhclust provides better prognostic value and clinical significance than theanalysis of singleomic data alone. fuzzy equivalence relation with ukasiewicz valued fuzzy similarity is used for hierarchical clustering. the authors are licensed under a creative commons attribution international license. it permits use sharing adaptations and re-use. and it is a a.
2	medical practice variation in caesarean section rates is the moststudied type of practicevariation in the field of obstetrics and gynaecology. this has not resulted in increased homogeneity of treatment between geographic areas or healthcare providers. current study designs on medicalpractice variation of ca. section rates were evaluated to identify the unwarranted share of practice variation. the aim was to evaluate whether current study. designs could contribute to the reduction of unwarrantted practice. a.
2	this scoping review identifies s that address patient and surgeon preferences toward sdm in surgery. the most common factors for patients favoring sm included female gender higher education and younger age for surgeons. s were identified with duplicates yielding no s evaluated decisionmaking preferences. patients and surgeons were asked to rate their preferences based on acuity of intervention, s, and factors associated with favoring and disadvantaging a given treatment plan.
0	primary liver cancer (plc) is a fatal disease that affects millions of lives worldwide. it ranks as the fourth leading cause of cancerrelated death worldwide12. the highest incidence of PLC was observed in eastasia and in subSaharan africa4. current treatment strategies for each subtype including the currently approved drugs and the potential novel therapies are also discussed. a review of the state of treatmentstrategies for eachsubtype is also discussed in this review.
2	sarscov2 is a betacoronavirus that caused a relatively small outbreak in the early 2000s210similar to saracov it causes severe respiratory issues in humans. elucidating the mechanisms of pathogenesis will enable theidentication of the most effectivetherapies. covid191 is primarily a viralinduced ammatory disease of the airwaysand lungs that leads to severe respiratory problems. it is emerging that those with severe disease who survive develop lung  a .
0	signaling pathway analysis methods are commonly used to explain the biological behaviors of disease cells. signal variations that effector genes received between two conditionsnormal and disease in different signaling pathways wereanalyzed. results suggested that the signal variationscalculated by SPFA could help identify abnormal functional attributes and parts of pathways. SPFA's percentage of significant pathways was modestindicating a good false positive rate and false negative rate Overall SPFA wascomparable to the other methods. the results suggest that signal variations could help explain abnormalfunctional attributesand parts of.
0	antiganglioside antibodies associated with ammation markers could be used asdiagnostic monitoring and treatment tools in patients with cutaneous melanoma. 'chronic ammation to be one of the hallmarks in skin cancers'. the presence of IgGand IgMantigangliaside antibodies was as followsantiGM1 and GD1a were positively correlated while antiGM3GD1b and GT1b were negatively associated with the 'ammatory.
2	covid pandemic places cancer patients in a very difficult situation wherein if they seek treatment they are exposing themselves to a risk of developing cov2 infection. if left untreated a fourfold increase in chance of death is expected. this is despite the fact that the data from the carefullyselected cohort of patients show no increase in mortality or morbidity from treatment during covid. it is therefore for the healthcare providers to triage patients and treat who cannot wait.
0	bilateral pheochromocytoma was reported in patients with von HippelLindau disease the coexistence of primary hyperparathyroidism is not a common condition. ectopic secretion of intact parathyroid hormone was observed in a 17yearold girl with von hippellindau diseaseand bilateral adrenocortical masses. genetic testing revealed a mutation of the VHL gene.
2	cancer is the second leading cause of death in the united states cancer screenings can detect precancerous cells and allow for earlier diagnosis and treatment. screened patients had a higher prevalence of poor cvh categories. patients who received screenings had better cardiovascular health submetrics after cancerscreenings. screenings were associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease and a reduced risk of cancer-related death. cancer is a major cause of mortality in the u.s.
2	gut virome database reveals agedependent patterns of virome diversity in the human gut gregory and zablocki build a gvd from viral p or microbial metagenomes from individuals representing countries assess its effectiveness and report a metaanalysis that revealsagedependent patternsacross healthy westerners.
2	severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus sarscov2 arose in the province of wuhan china in december. covid19 is a chronic respiratory disease caused by a virus that primarily affects the respiratory system but can also affect multiple ans. elucidating changes to the microbiome as reliable biomarkers of the disease and help identify new therapeutic targets represents an overlooked piece of disease puzzle. the consequences of the coronaviral disease covid 19 are devastating and represent a..
0	autopsies revealed a great heterogeneity of COVID19associated an injury and theremarkable absence of any specific viral lesions. RTPCR yielded a widedistribution of SARSCoV2 in different tissues with patients showing viral presence in all tested ans. postmortem studies can provide important information for understanding new diseases. "we evaluated whether some specificpostmortem features are observed in these patients and if thesechanges are related to the presence of the virus in different an  a.
2	the prognosis for hcc patients remains extremely poor although significant progress has been achieved strategies for early diagnosis are urgently needed. circrnas possess great potential to be used for diagnosis. however the research concerning cirrneas is frankly in its infancy which greatly hinders the application of circular rns as biomarkers in clinics. in particular abnormally expressed circranas are involved in tumor progression including cell proliferation migration and invasion [] in addition some research a..
0	hepatitis B surface antigen HBsAg has been associated with the risk andprognosis of many malignancies Nevertheless the association betweenhbv and theprognostic role of breast cancer is unclear. this study was performed retrospectively in a cohort of consecutivevery young  at diagnosis patients who received curative resection for breast cancer. results Overall of the patientswere seropositive for hbsagThe median followup was CI  months for the entire.
2	child maltreatment leads to enormous adverse short and longterm health outcomes in japan. lifetime economic burden was billion usd equivalent to million times of gross domestic product gdp per capita. the burden of disease was approximately equal to that of colon and rectal cancers or stomach cancerour results suggest that child maltreatment is a major cause of child mortality in the japanese population. a sensitivity analysis was used to estimate the lifetimeeconomic burden and cost of illness attributable to maltreatment in ja.
1	non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) accounts for approximately 80% of all lung cancer cases. radioresistance is the key issue limiting the effects of radiotherapy. targeted gene treatment as a radiosensitizer to treat this lethal disease is urgently needed to enhance the survival rate in patients. miRNAs have been implicated in regulating the expression of genes involved in tumorigenic processes such as inflammation cell cycle regulation apoptosis and invasion.
1	serum KLK11 levels were significantly elevated in patients with lung cancer compared with control subjects. levels did not differ significantly with age gender and histology. kallikrein mRNA expression has been associated with poor prognosis in ovarian cancer and breast cancer. KLK12 has been shown to be a favorable biomarker for lung cancer [1113]. at a cutoff point of 1.05 ng/ml KLK 11 had a sensitivity of 91.3 % and..
2	chronic rhinosinusitis crs is characterized by dysfunctional mucociliary clearancemcc with subsequent microbialcolonization. despite the high density of bacteria that colonizethe airway nutrient sources that sustain bacterial growth in vivo are not wellcharacterized. our laboratory successfully created a rabbit model ofcrs by blocking the sinus drainage pathway cho 2017.
1	study evaluated the efficacy and safety of ziv-aflibercept in combination with cisplatin and pemetrexed in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) the study was closed prematurely because of three confirmed and two suspected cases of reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome (RPLS). most common treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) of any grade were nausea (69%) and fatigue (67%) with hypertension (36%) as the most common grade.
0	serum 20Sproteasome was measured by ELISA in patients with MPOANCAassociated microscopicpolyangiitis MPA and renal involvement. the serum level of proteasomes was significantly higher in the activevasculitis patients  ngmL n compared to the controls. serum proteasom level was not associated with the ANCA titer or the white blood cell count or the platelet count. this suggests that the serum20sproteosome level may.
2	protein phosphatase 2a is a key regulator of cellularphysiology in the context of apoptosis mitosis and dna damage responses canonically pp2a functions as a tumor suppressor gene. there is evidence that inhibiting pp 2a can slow tumor growth following radiotherapy in a range of cancer types including ovarian cancerliver cancer malignant glioma pancreatic cancer and nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
2	vibrio cholerae are oxidasepositive bacteria that are classified into various serotypes based on the osurface antigen. novc can cause necrotizing fasciitis and necrosis of the skin and amputation of the leg. the case of a japanese woman who developed necrotising fascitis caused bynovc after traveling to taiwan and returning to japan has not been reported in the scientific literature.
2	curcumin is a herbal compound that has been shown to have anticancer effects in preclinical andclinical studies. this study aims to determine the clinical effects ofcurcumin in different types of cancers using systematic review approachmethodology. the results presented in this paper is an outcome of extracting the findings of the studiesselected from the s published in international databases including sid magiran iranmedex and web of science isi these databases were thoroughly searched and thoroughly selected based on the plausible keywords.
1	the remaining trusts formed either the control group (if they had agreed to participate) or the non-participant group. visits consisted of observation of the host team's multidisciplinary team meeting. teams within the intervention group supported each other via mini-collaboratives in the form of web-based teleconferences and two face-to-face workshops. patient experience was assessed using a new lung cancer-specific patient experience questionnaire. a total of 62 patients were enrolled in the study.
2	circzfr serves as a crucial regulator in many human cancers. mir578 and hif1a have been implicated in regulating bc cell viability colony formation apoptosis and invasion capacities in vitro and in vivo. our findings first identified that circrna is a critical regulator in bbc tumorigenesis and that mir579 is an important target of circzzfr.
1	miR-182 was homogenously expressed mainly in the cytoplasm of tumor cells. there was no staining of stromal cells except for some fibroblasts. correlations between miR182 and angiogenic and hypoxia molecular markers. patients with stage II disease had a significantly improved prognosis if they overexpressed mir-182 (P?=?0.003 E). miR 182 in tumor cells and stroma as predictors for.
2	bromelain bl acts as radiosensitizer of tumor cells and that it protects normal cells from radiation effects in vitro and in vivo studies have been carried out. the size and weight of tumors in gammairradiated ehrlich ascites carcinoma est bearing mice treated. with bml decreased significantly with a significant amelioration in the histopathological examination besides. it mitigated the effect of Îirradiation on the liver relative gene expression of poly.
2	theracurmin is a surfacecontrolled waterdispersible form of curcumin. auc of it in humans was 27fold higher than that of currumin powder. patients with knee osteoarthritis over a 6month period were enrolled in the study. five cases dropped out during the study but no cases dropped. out because of major problems no major side effects were observed with treatment. this study demonstrates the safety and good efficacy of theracursin for various types of knee. osteoarth.
1	gathering a complete profile of mutations in lung cancers is critical to develop future cancer treatments. study has been approved by the human research ethics committee of the first affiliated hospital of dalian medical university china. a total of 76 FFPE tumor samples from lung cancer patients were analyzed.
0	"development of cancer is a problem that has accompanied mankind for years" this paper discusses the modulation of the particular stages of carcinogenesis by selected physiological factors including acetylcholine ACh peroxisome proliferatoractivated receptors PPAR fatty acidbinding proteins FABPs brutons tyrosine kinase btk aquaporins AQPs insulinlike growth factor2 IGF2 and exosomes.
0	vitamin d is a fatsoluble vitamin it is naturally present in some foods and as dietary supplements It is also produced endogenously through exposure to ultraviolet raysfrom sunlight. vitamin D is essential to sustain health and it protects against osteoporosis it is found in cells throughout the body. a case of vitamin D deficiency in a 26year old woman with recurrent nasal polyps back pain and chronic fatigue responded well to treatment. there is an association between vitamin D. defic   a.
0	the incidence of haemorrhage is low serious haematomas are lifethreatening. having a comprehensive understanding of the potential complicationsan accurate clinical strategy and adequate technical skills may prevent or help to properly managethese complications. a total of 35 patients with benign thyroid nodules who were treated with ultrasoundguided RFA from July to December at the Third Affiliated Hospital of Sun YatsenUniversity were retrospectively reviewed. the mean technique efficacy was 06 at month and 06 at months after the procedure a.
0	interdisciplinary consensus project aiming to develop an AGREE II extension for guidelines in surgery. aims to improve methodological and reporting quality of clinical practice guidelines. funders will not be involved in the development of the instrument. research ethics committee to be consulted on development of extension document. project will be presented to a Delphi panel of stakeholders. final document will be developed in a dedicated consensus conference. to cite: Antoniou, GA, mavridis, stojana tsokani a .
2	overexpression of epithelial cell adhesion molecule epcam has been associated with chemotherapeutic resistance leading to aggressive tumor behavior and adverse clinical outcome. we investigated the link between eccam and the nrf2 pathway in light of therapeutic resistance using head andneck squamous cell carcinoma hnscc patient tumor samples and cell lines.
0	gastric cancer GC persists as a worldwide public health crisis According to the american cancer society the 5year survival rate of GC remains at worldwide and withinthe united states1. with the development of chemotherapies such as platinums and taxanes survival beyond stage II increased steadilyto Although chemitherapies improved overall survivalthis is not as dramatic as that in other solid malignancies suchas prostate or breast. although molecular targets such asbRCA mutations and HER2amplifications clinical.
0	ICIs can induce immunerelated adverse events irAEs including thyroid dysfunction. this is the first complete report of a case of newonset Graves disease after starting nivolumab therapy in a patient receiving gastric cancer treatment. thyroid function was normal before the initiation of niviumab but he developed thyrotoxicosis before the third administration. treatment with methimazole and potassiumiodide restored thyroid function.
0	"rebound effect after stopping treatment with denosumab may be associated with rapid loss of the gains in bone mineral density achieved with treatment" case presented a 64yearold osteoporotic Caucasian woman suffered from a fracture of her second lumbarvertebra in From January she was treated withdenosumib for years with good densitometry results. ten months after the treatment was stopped a cascade of vertebral fractures including some in unusual locations suggested possible malignancy.. a.
2	ibd is a chronic immunemediated disease mainly consisting of two diseases crohnsdisease cd and ulcerative colitis uc. current medical treatment is available for patients with id but the high disease cost with a longtreatment process has brought economic burden for patients. this review focuses on rational dietary structureschinese traditional medicine suitable smoking alcohol andphysical activities. dietaryproducts are the most common antigens in the intestinealtering the composition of the intestinal.
1	PLC is rare in liver carcinoma patients cancer cells can migrate into the pulmonary lymphatic system. Combined use of CT PET-CT and pathologic examinations may significantly increase the PLC detection rate. in our patient immunosuppressive therapy after liver transplantation caused rapid progression of PLC despite antitumor therapy. the efficacy of the treatment was still very poor despite the patient's discontinuation of immunosupressant therapy and a reduction in lung edema.
1	"the change of ADC value may be a sensitive indicator to predict early response to chemotherapy in lung cancer" "prediction ability could be improved by combining the change of adc value and longest diameter" lung cancer is the most common and highly lethal cancer worldwide. adjuvant chemotherapy had a 5.4% improvement of 5-year survival rate in non-small cell lung cancer [5]. MRI diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) reflects the differences in the Brownian motion of water molecules between tissues.
2	dysregulation of lncrnas is frequent in glioma and has emerged as an important mechanism involved in tumorigenesis. lbx2as1 expression is one of differentially expression lcna between lgg grade iii and gbm. this study aimed to investigate the function and mechanism of apoptosis1 in the brain of patients with and without atypical brain tumors.
1	base case analyses of 1- 3- 6- and 10-year time horizon showed an unfavorable ICER of $184829 $19214 $19328 and $21308 per QALY gained respectively. there are 31 province-level administrative units in Chinese mainland the per-capita GDP of which differs significantly. according to the recommended threshold of WHO. the cost-effectiveness of maintenance gefitinib therapy for locally advanced/metastatic. NSCLC with unknown EGFR mutations is...
2	vitamin intake is a regulator of protein abundances as nuclear receptor agonistsantioxidants substrates for posttranslational modifications molecular signal transducers and regulators ofelectrolyte homeostasis. studies of vitamin intake are explored for their contribution to unraveling vitamininfluence over protein expression. vitamin intake has been implicated in the regulation of proteinabundance in a number of diseases including cancer and autoimmune diseases. however studies have not validated mechanisms of regulation or potential for clinical application a.
2	neoantigens are a kind of tumor antigen derived from somatic mutations. they are highly restricted to tumor cells with minimal establishedimmune tolerance. adoptive transfer of selected tils targeting nas t cells led to significant tumor regression. however such a precise targeting strategyposes a great challenge in terms of theidentication and isolation of nnst cells. a review has been published in the journal cancer .
0	health related quality of life functional impairment and comorbidity in people with mild to moderate chronic kidney disease a cross sectional study. Simon DS Fraser et al., bmj, 2010 e040286 101136. study aimed to determine the. associations between health related qol and functional impairment in people. with CKD in primary care. thirty two general practitioner surgeries in england. participants recruited at baseline in the renal risk in derby study who survived.
0	Optimal supportive care can assist in accurate diagnosis and management and ultimately improve outcomes. a national strategy toimplement supportive care is needed to acknowledge evolving oncology practice changing disease patterns and the changing patient demographic. the multinational association of supportive care in cancerdenes supportive care as the prevention and management of the adverse effects of cancer and its treatment. this encompasses the entire cancer journey and necessitates involvement and integration of clinicalspecialties. supportive care makes excellent cancer care possible...a.
2	"adipogenesis is the process through which mesenchymalstem cells mscs commit to the adipose lineage and dierentiate into adipocytes. cancer stem cells have the characteristics of tumorigenesis and the expressionof specic stem cell markers. a number of drugs have been used to induce apoptosis in a variety of cancers including breast cancer ovarian cancer and melanoma.
2	egfr mutations are associated with poor prognosis and poor treatment response. mutations in a750del exon l858r were associated with a poorer survival rate and a shorter progressionfree survival. the mutations were associatedwith a longer progression-free survival and poorer recurrence rates. these results are published in the journal emphysema. this is an openaccess publication distributed under the terms of thecreative commonsattribution license.
0	"radiotherapy in combination with anti cytotoxic T lymphocyte associated antigen monoclonal antibody ipilimumab in patients with metastatic melanoma" study aimed to determine the maximum tolerated dose MTD and safety profile. patients with evidence of clinical benefit at week were eligible for maintenance with mgkg every weeks starting at week until severe toxicity. results were similar to those seen with radiotherapy alone. a synergy between radiotherapy and. anti CTLA4 mono a.
0	emergence of promising targeted therapies for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma HCCSorafenib has been the mainstay of treatment for a decade. ramucirumab cabozantinib and lenvatinib heralded a new era of secondlinetreatment. work continues to develop additional novel therapeutic agents which could potentiallyaugment the presently available options. the goal of the study is to understand the underlying mechanisms responsible for drug resistance..
2	traditional chinese medicine tcm has become anoption for preventing crc metastasis and enhancing the eectsof chemotherapy. shi xu xie is a pioneer in the development and use of tm in the treatment of various cancers in asia especially in china.
2	previous studies have shown a strong coexistence of colorectal neoplasia crn and cardiovascular diseases cvd. association of carotid artery plaque with the risk of crn was weakest pooled odds ratio [or] confidence interval [ci] participants with cacs100 had about 2fold increased risk of ad than those. participants with framingham risk score frs20 had about 20% increased risk for an compared to participants at low risk frs10.
2	probiotics are defined as live microanisms which when administered in proper amounts confer a health benefit on the host. health benefits of lactobacillus and bifidobacterium have been proven and are generally consumed as a part of fermented foods like those in dietary supplements. probiotic bacteria have been shown to regulate allergic reactions protect the hosts against bacterial and viral infection and even reduce the tumor growth in some cancer models. there are some reports about probiotic's potential in.
2	phytolaccaceae species in china are not only ornamental plants but also perennial herbs that areclosely related to human health. singlemolecule realtime sequencing technology was employed to generate fulllength transcriptome in invasive phytolacca americana and noninvasive exotic picosandra. rtqpcr was employedto evaluate the gene expression stability in the two plant species and another indigenous congener p acinosa.
1	this is the first study to demonstrate that Sp1 regulates the expression of a target gene by regulating promoter activity and post-transcriptional processing in parallel. miR-182 and miR-212 might cooperate to downregulate FOXO3 expression upon Sp1 overexpression. depletion of Sp1 in a mouse model of Alzheimer's disease resulted in increased expression of miR-21, a miR-22 target gene.
1	mutation detected (MD) was defined as the presence of either an exon 19 deletion or the L858R mutation. mutation not detected (MND) was the absence of both exons 19 deletions and the l858r mutation. best overall response was the best response recorded from the start of treatment until disease progression and BORR (best overall response rate) was summarized with 95% confidence limits based on investigators assessment for each treatment arm. EGFR PCR test was also compared to Sanger sequencing and M.
1	"the change of ADC value may be a sensitive indicator to predict early response to chemotherapy in lung cancer" "prediction ability could be improved by combining the change of adc value and longest diameter" lung cancer is the most common and highly lethal cancer worldwide. adjuvant chemotherapy had a 5.4% improvement of 5-year survival rate in non-small cell lung cancer [5]. MRI diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) reflects the differences in the Brownian motion of water molecules between tissues.
0	ACTN4 levels in CC patients were significantly higher than those in CIN patients  pgml and those in healthy controls. ACTn4 levels were associated with the FIGO stage lymph node metastasis and lymphovascular space invasion of CC all p The survival curve suggested that high serum ACT N4 levelswere related to poor prognosis. the serum levels of actininin4 actedn4 in cervical cancer CC is the second most common female maligna.
2	gastrointestinal nematodes could release excretorysecretory es proteins into the host environment to ensure their survival. hcadrm1 protein may have prophylactic potential for antih contortus drugs. the rhcasp1 stimuli notably suppressed cell viability promoted intrinsic and extrinsic t cell proliferation and induced cell cycle arrest at g1 phase.
0	compounds 4e18 were screened for their ability to induce the antioxidant enzyme NADPH quinone oxidoreductase NQO1 in cells. compound had low toxicity in mice LD50 14 mgkg It also reduced thedamaging effects of gamma radiation as assessed by the levels of Nrf2 NqO1 reactive oxygen speciesROS and malondialdehyde MDA in liver tissues. compounds showed amelioration in the complete blood count of irradiated a.
1	direct dose mapping (DDM) and energy/mass transfer mapping (EMT) are two essential algorithms for accumulating the dose from different anatomic phases to the reference phase. DDM is based on interpolation of the dose values from one dose grid to another. on the other hand EMT counts the total energy and mass transferred to each voxel and calculates the dose by dividing the energy by mass. in this study we compared the clinical dosimetric difference between the two algorithms for 10 a.
2	" natural orifice specimen extraction surgery is a novel technique of minimally invasive surgery for sigmoid or rectum tumors. noselar hadmore advantages in terms of overall postoperative complication odds ratio or ci to p incisionrelated complica and severecomplication and pathologic results lymph nodes harvested proximalresectionmargin and distalresection edge.
1	BANCR inhibits NSCLC cell viability and induces apoptosis. wound healing assay results showed that cells transfected with pCDNA-BANCR resulted in a slower closing of scratch wounds compared with that for control cells. qPCR results revealed that bancr expression was significantly upregulated compared.
0	AMPK signaling can also reversibly regulate hyperactive MAPK signaling in cancer cells by phosphorylating its key components RAFKSRfamily kinases. this can affect not only carcinogenesis but also the outcomes of targetedcancer therapies against MAPK andAMPK. yuanjiminszhospitalcom hujianchengnccscomsg1Department of pharmacology and immunology. the aim of this review is to provide a  .
1	thiaminase treatment was associated with increased lipolysis and decreased polyamine synthesis. inhibition of the same enzyme resulted in different metabolic consequences in the case of BCKDH. these consequences may form the basis of sensitivity to TDE inhibition as well as identify potential biomarkers of response. thiamine depletion in RS4 cells and in MCF-7 cells may be due to the accumulation of branched-chain amino acid catabolites.
2	iburg, km mikkelsen l adair t lopez and brecht devleesschauwer sciensanobelgium are cause of death data fit for purpose evidence from countries at different levels of socioeconomic development. data underlying the study are available in thewho mortality database appswhointhealthinfostatisticsmortalitywhodpms with the. objective is to measure whether the usability of cod data and the patterns of unusable codes are related a.
1	"our method was first applied to two published lung cancer microarray gene expression data sets. the proteasome and BCR signaling pathways were identified by our method. a further exploration based on the KEGG cancer pathway collection demonstrated the practical usefulness of our proposed method. ". this study illustrates that we can improve detection power and discovery consistency through a concordant integrative analysis of multiple large-scale two-sample data sets," says dr roberts. [32] a.
0	annotated fluorescence image dataset for training machine learningbased image segmentation methods. currently the limited number of publicly available do not cover a broad range of tissues and preparations. the proposed dataset covers sample preparation methods frequently used in quantitative immunofluorescence microscopy. it is based on a suggested split into training and test sets and additional singlenuclei expert annotations machine learning-based segmentation algorithms can be trained and evaluated. u2009 doi:10.1016/j.f.a a.
1	all the experiments were repeated three times and data are presented as means  SEM. cell cycle analysis Cells were harvested washed with cold PBS twice and fixed in 70% ethanol at 20°C overnight. percentage of cells in different phases of the cell cycle was measured by flow cytometry. cells were digested with trypsin and centrifuged. the cell pellet was washes twice with phosphate-buffered saline (PBS) and incubated a.
2	sarscov2 receptor ace2 is an interferonstimulatedgene in human airway epithelial cells and is detected in specic cell subsets across tissues cell. ace2-receptors are associated with angiotensin converting enzyme and its effect on the prognosis of covid19 infection. the ace-2 receptors are also associated with apoptosis and inflammation.
0	lack of COVID19 diagnostic tests for the whole spanish population thecurrent strategy is to identify the disease early to limit contagion in the community. study aimed to determine clinical factors of a poor prognosis in patients with suspected COVId19 infection in spain. results showed that greater age OR 95CI to male sex OR95CI to bilateral pulmonary infiltrates was protective factor against ICUadmission and. hospitalization after adjusting for age and sexes.
1	the peptide A-specific CTL clone was successfully established from PBMCs from a healthy donor. the specificity was abolished by an anti-HLA-class I mAb but not by an isotype control suggesting that the observed production was HLA-A2 restricted. this specificity may be due to increased expression of MHC class I on the cell surface of the cancer cell line.
0	hypothyroidism was not related to the risk of breast cancer in the european population. no significantcorrelation was observed between thyroid hormone replacement therapy and the riskof breast cancer. this metaanalysis was based on a total of related studies including cohort studies and casecontrol studies. the results show that patients with hypot thyroidism have a lower risk ofbreast cancer compared to patients with thyroid hormonereplacement therapy. a meta-analysis is needed to establish a causal relationship between hypot a..
1	adherence to MBSR has been shown to mediate the effects of MBCT on depressive symptoms [72]. a two-sided t-test would require 64 participants in each group to have 80% power to detect a medium-sized difference (effect size = 0.5) with alpha = 0.05. to correct for clustering we multiplied this sample size of 64 with the design factor (1 + (n?
2	cervical cancer is the fourth leading cause of cancerrelated death among women worldwide. the pathogenesis of cervical cancer has not been clearly illustrated but it isconrmed that the activation of tumorpromoting genes and theinactivationof tumor suppressor genes participate in the progressionof cervical cancer. mnx1 promotes malignant progression of cervicalcancer viarepressing the transcription ofp21cip1 front oncol 103389fonc202001307 wwwfrontiersinoncology.com.
1	extension to nonlinear exposureresponse relationships presents further complexities. the model in (1) can be extended by defining an additional exposure response function f(x) to express the potentially nonlineare exposure response curve along the dimension of the predictor. however this representation is not easily represented as a linear combination of basis variables and generates models that are not linear in their parameters. this assumption can be relaxed by expressing s(xt) as truly bivariate function with the more flexible representation:. a.
2	adenovirus serotype ad5 is commonly used viral vector for transient delivery of transgenes primarily for vaccination against pathogen and tumor antigens. virus specific neutralizing antibodies nabs limit the efficacy and constrain target directed immunity following exposure to a d5 based vaccines in that context. this study evaluated the ability of a new vaccine vector to induce immune responses to the tumor associated antigen gucy2c in mice with metastatic colorectal cancer.
1	principal investigator will report back to clinic A patients with estimated lung cancer risks (session 3). feedback questionnaire used to assess efficacy of various components will be administered. telephone calls followed by letters to patients with invitation to 6-month follow-up session with NHS Smoking Cessation Practitioners. cessation rate will be assessed and verified by repeating the carbon monoxide breath and salivary cotinine tests. group b subjects attending at the 6-month. follow up clinic who have been unable to quit will a.
0	pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (pda) is responsible for the vast majority of cases. it is characterised by the presence of a dense stroma that impacts therapeutic efficacy and drives protumorigenic programs. the inflammatory nature of the tumour microenvironment is thought to underlie the loss ofantitumour immunity and development of resistance to current treatments. this review summarises current understanding of the role of IL6 and the broader il6. a .
0	immigrant status and family relations are associated with advance careplanning ACP engagement and endoflife EOL preference in burial planning. older Chinese americans are the largest subgroup of Asian americans. results suggest that a culturallyappropriate approach to advance care planning is needed in a time of coronavirus and xenophobia. aCP is a social process built on trust and respect for the individual and their family.
1	113 patients with NSCLC and adjacent non-tumor lung tissues were used. tissue samples were snap-frozen in liquid nitrogen and stored at 80°C. BANCR expression levels were determined using the SYBR premix ex Taq (TaKaRa Dalian China) results were normalized using the manufacturers instructions. the study was approved by the Research Ethics Committee of Nanjing Medical University China - written informed consent was obtained from all patients. a qPCR as a-.
0	obesity is accompanied by dysfunction of many ans but effects on the skin have received little attention. we studied differences in epithelial thickness by histology and gene expression by affymetrix gene arrays and PCR in the skin of obese BMI  and normal weight postmenopausal women paired by age and ethnicity. in obese African american subjects we observed altered gene expression that may explain known differences in water content and stress response. results from this preliminary study may explain the functional changes found in the a.
