0	COVID 19 is caused by SARS CoV 2 a novel coronavirus that emerged in china in December 2019 and was declared a global pandemic by world health organization by march 11th 2020. severe manifestations are caused by a combination of direct tissue injury by viral replication and associated cytokine storm resulting in progressive organ damage. we reviewed published literature between January 1st 2000 and June 30th 2020 with a focus on virus host interactions and immunological mechanisms.
0	COVID 19 pandemic has brought many changes to the way that patients with NCDs are managed with telemedicine and ehealth becoming more common. a huge amount of work will be put into initiatives to promote adherence to vaccination programs.
1	COVID 19 is an emerging global health emergency caused by the novel coronavirus severe acute respiratory syndrome cov 2 SARS CoV 2. patients commonly develop neurological symptoms such as headache altered mental status anosmia and myalgia. neurological side effects associated with COVId 19 treatments were also discussed.
1	Long COVID a comprehensive systematic scoping review To find out what is known from literature about long COVId until January 30 2021. of the total 120 publications 49 1 focused on signs and symptoms 23 3 on management and 10 8 on pathophysiology.
1	PET scans of 35 patients with long COVID were compared using whole brain voxel based analysis to a local database of 44 healthy subjects controlled for age and sex to characterize cerebral hypometabolism.
0	SARS CoV 2 infection causes a pulmonary disease COVID 19 which spread worldwide generating fear anxiety depression in the general population as well as among subjects affected by mental disorders. little is known about which different psychopathological changes the pandemic caused among individuals affected by different psychiatric disorders.
1	myocardial injury and inflammation on cardiac MRI in patients suffering from coronavirus disease 19 COVID 19 have been described in recent publications. a chronic covid 19 syndrome CCS has been observed manifesting with symptoms like fatigue and exertional dyspnea. in this prospective study 41 participants with CCS 39 13 years 18 men and 42 control participants 39 16 years 26 men were evaluated.
0	social isolation caused by the COVID 19 pandemic has drastically affected lifestyles from sedentary behaviors to reduced physical activity. there was a significant decline in physical and other meaningful activities of daily living. in children collateral effects include inadequate nutrition with a risk of both overweight and underweight addiction to screens. older adults are frequently unable to adapt to lockdown measures and suffer from depression and cognitive complaints.
1	autoantibodies stabilize neutrophil extracellular traps in COVID 19. if detected to elucidate their potential functions and clinical associations.
1	confocal microscopy identifies corneal nerve fibre loss and increased dendritic cells in patients with and without long COVID. patients with neurological symptoms 4 weeks after acute covid 19 had a lower CNFD p 0 032 and increased DC density.
0	COVID 19 pandemic has wreaked havoc globally and still persists even after a year of its initial outbreak.
0	pediatric bronchoscopy recent advances and clinical challenges. includes single use bronchioscopes endobronchial ultrasound and cryoprobe. indications include balloon dilatation endoscopic intubation and whole lung lavage closing of fistulas and air leak as well as the use of laser and microdebrider in airway surgery.
0	COVID 19 is a disease caused by the SARS CoV 2 virus. virus has multiple potential pathophysiologic interconnections with endocrine systems potentially causing disturbances in glucose metabolism hypothalamic and pituitary function adrenal function and mineral metabolism.
0	pandemic trends in the HIV epidemic were highlighted at the 2020 conference on retroviruses and opportunistic infections held virtually. decreasing HIV incidence reported across several countries although key regions remain heavily impacted including the us south. transgender persons and people who inject drugs continue to experience a high burden of new infections. novel strategies to detect and treat these infections are needed Innovative HIV testing strategies including self testing and assisted partner services are expanding the reach of testing.
0	helmets can be used to deliver noninvasive ventilatory support both as continuous positive airway pressure and noninvasive positive pressure ventilation NPPV. technical aspects include how to prevent CO sub 2 sub rebreathing and improve patient ventilator synchrony. clinical studies describe the application of helmets in cardiogenic pulmonary oedema pneumonia COVID 19 postextubation and immune suppression.
1	late sequelae of COVID 19 have been reported however few studies have investigated the time course or incidence of late new COVId 19 related health conditions. Using data from a large administrative all payer database we assessed type association and timing of post covid conditions following coviD 19 diagnosis.
0	COVID 19 pandemic triggered an unprecedented global effort in developing rapid and inexpensive diagnostic and prognostic tools. detection of viral RNA by RT qPCR has played the most significant role in preventing the spread of the virus. metabolomics approaches that rely on the analysis of volatile organic compounds exhaled by patients hold promise for applications in a large scale screening of population in point of care setting.
1	COVID 19 can involve persistence sequelae and other medical complications that last weeks to months after initial recovery a systematic review and meta analysis aims to identify studies assessing the long term effects of COVId 19. a total of 18 251 publications were identified of which 15 met the inclusion criteria. prevalence of 55 long-term effects was estimated 21 meta analyses were performed and 47 910 patients were included age 17 87 years.
1	in vivo evidence of systemic endothelial vascular dysfunction in COVID 19 patients from a non invasive approach with reactive hyperemia peripheral arterial tonometry PAT. this study suggests a deleterious effect of SARS CoV 2 infection on endothelium mediated dilation of peripheral arteries.
1	compared with control subjects the increase in heart rate was attenuated and recovery delayed after a 6 minute walk test in participants after infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2. alterations have potential to constrain not only exercise tolerance but also participation in free living physical activity in women during post acute recovery from COVID 19.
1	multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children MIS C associated with coronavirus disease 2019 causes significant cardiovascular involvement. echocardiographic measures of ventricular function were independently associated with adverse clinical course and cardiac sequelae. patients in the lowest LVA4LS tertile 13 had significantly higher C reactive protein and high sensitivity troponin need for intensive care and mechanical life support.
0	SARS CoV 2 detection in nasopharyngeal swabs performance characteristics of a real time rt qPCR and a droplet digital RT PCR assay based on the exonuclease region ORF1b nsp14 genome region. emergence and spread of SARS cov 2 has led to a compelling request for accurate diagnostic tests.
0	antimicrobial resistant bacteria present one of the biggest threats to public health. resistant bacteria have been demonstrated to be transmittable to humans in many different environments including public settings in urban built environments. there is very little surveillance of AMR in the built environment outside of healthcare settings and wastewater.
0	GETAFIX trial will recruit adult patients with confirmed positive valid COVID 19 test who are not pregnant or breastfeeding and have no prior major co morbidities. patients will be recruited from in patients and outpatients from three Glasgow hospitals Royal Alexandra hospital queen Elizabeth university hospital and the Glasgow royal infirmary. primary endpoint will assess the superiority of favipiravir plus standard treatment compared to standard treatment alone.
1	pediatric multisystem inflammation syndrome was observed in multiple countries recently and this syndrome was suspected to be associated with COVID 19. there is still no standardized diagnostic criteria and treatment regimen for PMIS while the etiology and pathogenesis still remain unclear. our study documented three common types of PMIS clinical presentation persistent fever and gastrointestinal symptoms shocked with heart dysfunction and kawasaki disease like syndrome.
1	MIS C is a novel life threatening hyperinflammatory condition that develops in children a few weeks after infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2. majority of patients with MIS present with the involvement of at least four organ systems and all have evidence of a marked inflammatory state. therapy is primarily with immunomodulators suggesting that the disease is driven by post infectious immune dysregulation.
0	neurologists must be alert to the occurrence of multifocal neurological symptoms with or without encephalopathy in patients recovered from COVID 19. time to diagnosis clinical imaging and laboratory features response to treatment regimens and differences regarding severity.
1	multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children is an infectious disease caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 with substantial cardiovascular implications. it has been defined by the US. centers for disease control and prevention as multisystem-inflammatory syndrome.
1	physical and mental health complications post COVID 19 Scoping review Several long lasting health complications have been reported in previous coronavirus infections. this scoping review included 34 studies with follow up periods of up to 3 months post COVD 19. the most commonly reported physical health problems were fatigue range 28 to 87 pain myalgia 4 5 to 36 arthralgies 6 0 to 27 reduced physical capacity six minute walking test range 180 to 561 m and declines in physical role functioning.
0	the COVID 19 pandemic and the ensuing socioeconomic crisis has impeded progress towards the UN Sustainable Development Goals UN SDGs. this paper provides insight into how green recovery stimulus driven by circular economy CE based solid waste management SWM could assist in attaining the intended targets of the SDG. policy technology and public involvement issues may hinder the shift to the circular economy model.
1	since mid April 2020 clusters of pediatric cases of severe systemic hyperinflammation and shock epidemiologically linked with COVID 19 have been reported. multisystem inflammatory syndrome is a novel syndrome related to SARS Cov 2 infection Evidence is still scarce but rapidly emerging in the literature. patients often presented with persistent fever gastrointestinal symptoms polymorphic rash conjunctivitis and mucosal changes Elevated inflammatory markers and evidence of cytokine storm.
0	SARS CoV 2 nosocomial infection acquired in a french university hospital during the 1st wave of the covid 19 pandemic a prospective study.
0	virus rhinovirus and adenovirus frequently cause viral pneumonia an important cause of morbidity and mortality especially in the extreme ages of life. rate of diagnosis of viral pneumonia is approaching 60 among children identified as having community acquired pneumonia CAP Clinical presentation ranges from mild to severe pneumonitis complicated by respiratory failure in severe cases.
1	rehabilitation is increasingly valued among the supportive care fields to combat COVID 19 as currently definitive curative treatment remains largely absent. nosocomial spread remains a high risk for healthcare workers with comparable high ratios of exposed workers suffering from the disease with more severe clinical course. rehabilitation is to protect rehabilitation physicians and cover all person-to-person interactions.
0	battery for deep brain stimulation depletion in Parkinsons Disease and dystonia patients a systematic review. DBS therapy is associated with the possibility of both minor and major complications. depleting implantable pulse generator IPG battery can result in sudden recurrence of PD or dystonic symptoms which can be potentially life threatening. delayed or postponed outpatient visits due to COVID 19 may be a risk factor of battery end of life consequences.
0	COVID 19 caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 has evolved into an ongoing global pandemic. this caused an unprecedented emergency situation with significant negative effects on health and well being both on an individual and societal level. present review focused on populations which are at a higher risk of developing psychiatric disturbances due to the COVId 19 pandemic.
0	challenges of modeling and analysis in cybermanufacturing a review from a machine learning and computation perspective. computation pipeline recommendation aims at identifying an optimal sequence of method options for data analytics machine learning without time consuming trial and error.
0	TRT Parenting aims to improve parent mental health and their ability to support their childrens mental health. a three arm randomised controlled trial compared enhanced TRT P vs TRT and waitlist control group. children in the enhanced group showed the greatest levels of improvement in behavioural and emotional difficulties compared to the TRT or waitlist groups. caregivers reported significant reductions in depression anxiety and stress.
0	Whether the current COVID 19 pandemic negatively impacts cardiovascular health is unclear. the aim of the rapid review was to investigate whether COVId 19 lockdown influences modifiable cardiovascular risk factors i e physical inactivity sedentary behaviour smoking alcohol use unhealthy diet obesity bad blood lipids and hypertension. only studies using probability sampling were included in order to ensure the representativeness of the target population.
1	COVID 19 is a global pandemic that has had a devastating effect on the health and economy of much of human civilization. many patients are developing chronic symptoms that have been called long COVId. some of the symptoms and signs include those of postural tachycardia syndrome POTS. understanding and managing long covid POTS will require a significant infusion of health care resources.
1	Long COVID 19 Syndrome refers to survivors 4 months after initial symptoms onset. it is important to understand the systemic effects of long covid 19 syndrome its presentations and the need for rehabilitations to restore functional recovery in survivors Government healthcare workers and survivor groups should collaborate to establish a self sustaining system to facilitate follow up and rehabilitations.
1	Infection with COVID 19 has been associated with long term symptoms but the frequency variety and severity of these complications are not well understood. reliable estimates of such morbidity are important for patient care prognosis and development of public health policy.
0	Gaucher disease GD is a prototype rare disease that shares with SARS CoV 2 a disruption of the lysosomal pathway. GD patients acquired COVID 19 at a similar frequency as the general population though experienced a milder overall course. the impact of SARS cov 2 in rare disease populations has been underreported.
1	case report and systematic review suggest children may experience similar long term effects to adults after clinical COVID 19. persistent symptoms in adults are emerging and the term long covid is increasingly appearing in the literature. this paper contains a case report of five children and the long term symptoms reported by their parents. it also includes a systematic literature review of the MEDLINE EMBASE and Web of Science databases.
1	a systematic review of published case reports and case series in order to increase our understanding of COVID 19 pathophysiology. using PRISMA IPD guidelines 42 articles reporting 198 individual cases were included in our analysis. we identified three main histological patterns epithelial n 110 85.
0	long term non invasive ventilation (LT NIV) is usually delivered during sleep it can also be delivered 24 h a day in selected patients. it is indicated for respiratory disorders responsible for chronic alveolar hypoventilation with the aim to increase life expectancy and maximize quality of life.
0	127 patients aged 0 15 years were hospitalized for COVID 19 treatment including 3 severe cases and 124 mild or moderate cases. main therapies included inhalation of aerosolized interferon  122 127 and additional antiviral drugs 28 127 Among the 81 patients who had pneumonia at admission 35 with right lobe pneumonia had the longest hospital stay mean 14 5 7 days.
0	a growing body of literature assesses the harmful consequences of public health emergencies PHEs for women and girls. evidence of what works to alleviate such impacts is limited. we reviewed the evidence on gender based interventions implemented in public health. emergencies including disease outbreaks and natural disasters.
1	a detailed assessment of kidney outcomes in long COVID is not yet available. we examined risks of AKI eGFR decline ESKD and major adverse kidney events MAKE.
0	the ongoing pandemic caused by coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 has enforced a shutdown of educative institutions of all levels including high school and university students. this work reviews the use of gamification based teaching during the COVId 19 lockdown through a search in Scopus PsycINFO ERIC and Semantic Scholar databases.
1	after the COVID 19 outbreak increasing number of patients worldwide who have survived continue to battle the symptoms of the illness long after they have been clinically tested negative for the disease. Currently no fully proven options are available for the treatment of post inflammatory covid 19 pulmonary fibrosis.
0	awake rhinology surgery under local anaesthetic provides an ideal alternative to general anaesthesia (GA) it provides a means of operating on patients in a setting alternative to main theatres. it also confers additional benefits in terms of shorter recovery time and hospital stay for patients. international roundtable forums were conducted and supplemented by individual interviews. feedback was analysed and shared to develop a consensus of best practice Local and national guidelines need to be adhered to.
0	influenza vaccine efficacy for 2019 2020 season was comparable to prior season and influenza vaccine recommendations for pediatric immunizations remain similar to prior years. influenza treatments continue to include neuraminidase inhibitors as well as baloxavir for treatment and in some instances prophylaxis. the potential impact of the COVID 19 pandemic on influenza is not fully known in the southern hemisphere influenza infection rates appear to be very low.
1	long COVID is characterised by debilitating symptoms including extreme fatigue shortness of breath insomnia heart palpitations and prolonged high temperature. one in ten people in the uk suffering from long covid there will undoubtedly be a considerable impact on dentistry.
1	Whether survivors of mild or asymptomatic infections can expect any long term health consequences is not yet known. we investigated lasting changes to soluble inflammatory factors and cellular immune phenotype and function in individuals who had recovered from mild SARS CoV 2 infections.
1	MIS C is a newly defined clinical entity in pediatric ages resembles kawasaki disease or toxic shock syndrome. glucocorticoids has critical role in reducing fever and inflammatory markers.
1	long term clinical follow up of patients suffering from moderate to severe COVID 19 infection a monocentric prospective observational cohort study. patients admitted to the university hospital of liège with moderate to severely confirmed COVId 19 discharged between 2 March and 1 October 2020 were recruited prospectively. follow up at 3 and 6 months after hospital discharge included demographic and clinical data biological data pulmonary function tests and high resolution computed tomography CT scans of the chest.
1	SARS CoV 2 plays a pivotal role in inducing hyperthyroidism of Graves disease Coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 advances to affect every part of the globe and remains a challenge to the human race. some categories of the population including older people and persons with comorbidities are prone to be more vulnerable. the thyroid gland is highly expressed angiotensin converting enzyme 2 ACE2 protein which functions as a receptor for initially entering the virus into the cells.
0	undergraduate medical education has been affected by the COVID 19 pandemic a systematic review. the study aims to provide medical educators with insights into the current status and prospects of medical education.
0	the SARS CoV 2 virus caused crises in social economic and energy areas and medical life worldwide throughout 2020. the digital and artificial intelligence industry can be used as a professional assistant to manage and control the outbreak of the virus. this article examines the impact of artificial intelligence and digital style on industry and energy post COVID 19 pandemic.
1	central serous chorioretinopathy and the steroids Corona virus disease COVID 19 pandemic can cause myriad of ocular manifestations. a 42 year old female from india presented to us with unilateral blurring in the right eye OD 12 days after covid 19 infection. she was on antibiotics with injection heparin remdesivir during her 7 day stay at the hospital She was also on steroid inhalers.
1	fibromyalgia a new facet of the post COVID 19 syndrome spectrum Results from a web based survey.
1	30 consecutive patients seeking medical help for persistent symptoms 30 days attributed to COVID 19 were recruited. patients underwent a multi modal evaluation including clinical psychologic virologic and specific immunologic assays.
0	pandemic diseases do not affect populations indiscriminately argues this paper. lower socio economic status and minority stigmatized race or ethnicity are associated with higher morbidity and mortality.
0	children aged 7 to 10 years from 12 randomly selected primary schools in urban and rural districts of Klagenfurt Austria. previous studies have shown reductions in self reported physical activity levels in children associated with implementation of COVID 19 mitigation measures. data on objectively assessed health parameters are limited.
1	long COVID and breathlessness an overview. review of what is known so far about post acute covid 19 and the underlying pathophysiology related to this condition. will then explore how community nurses can monitor and support patients with symptoms of breathlessness.
1	a cross sectional study was done at a tertiary care teaching institute. it enrolled all hospitalized children aged 1 month 18 years and diagnosed with either MIS C and or dengue fever according to WHO criteria.
1	long COVID symptoms persist 3 months after negative molecular swab test. main symptoms were weakness brain fog dizziness and muscular and joint pain. salivary cortisol and DHEA S determinations were used to compute the adrenal stress index ASI.
1	post COVID 19 syndrome is defined as a persistent and protracted illness. condition continues for more than 12 weeks and cannot be attributed to other clinical situations. researchers and clinicians are allied in unraveling the molecular pathogenetic mechanisms and the clinical development of this unexpected SARS CoV 2 infectious evolution.
0	the health sector was hit hard by this war up to 50 of the health facilities have been destroyed and up to 70 of the healthcare providers fled the country seeking safety. the results of the review are irritating as still after ten years of war and millions of refugees there is an enormous need for healthcare services.
0	practice patterns in surgical neuro oncology among low and middle income countries during the COVID 19 pandemic A scoping review and situational report from the Philippines. coronavirus disease 2019 covid 19 has negatively impacted the outcomes of surgical neuro-oncology patients worldwide.
0	building resilient societies after COVID 19 the case for investing in maternal neonatal and child health. implementing appropriate policies will be challenging and requires political commitment and public engagement.
1	post COVID 19 syndrome is defined by persistent clinical signs and symptoms that appear while or after suffering covid 19 persist for more than 12 weeks. symptoms include fatigue dyspnoea anxiety depression and impaired attention concentration memory and sleep. diagnostic criteria and pathogenic mechanisms involved.
1	post COVID syndrome is increasingly recognized as a new clinical entity in the context of SARS CoV 2 infection. its incidence ranges from 10 to 35 however rates as high as 85 have been reported among patients with a history of hospitalization. Currently there is no consensus on the classification of the syndrome.
1	long COVID syndrome associated brain fog and chemofog luteolin to the rescue. symptoms especially brain fog are similar to those experienced by patients undertaking or following chemotherapy for cancer. the pathogenesis of brain fog in these illnesses is presently unknown but may involve neuroinflammation via mast cells stimulated by pathogenic and stress stimuli to release mediators that activate microglia.
1	long COVID defines a series of chronic symptoms that patients may experience after resolution of acute COVId. ME CFS is a chronic medical illness characterized by a constellation of symptoms.
1	multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children MIS C has been detected primarily in Europe and the united states. the incidence of this syndrome appears to mirror the initial infectious assault with a delay of several weeks. MIS is characterized by prolonged fever skin eruptions neck stiffness and gastrointestinal manifestations with pronounced abdominal pain.
0	SARS CoV 2 can modulate the host immune system to favor viral adaptation and persistence within the host. the virus can counteract type I interferon IFN I production attenuating IFN 1 signaling pathway activation and disrupting antigen presentation. in addition SARS cov 2 can enhance apoptosis and the production of inflammatory mediators which ultimately results in increased disease severity.
1	as the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 pandemic continues millions remain vulnerable to infection with SARS CoV 2. attention has turned to characterizing post acute sequelae of SARS cov 2 infection PASC. from April 21 to December 31 2020 we assembled a cohort of consecutive volunteers. participants learned about the study by being identified on medical center based registries and being notified or responding to advertisements.
1	persistent inflammatory interstitial lung disease ILD following severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 remains unknown. treatment represents an early opportunity to modify the disease course potentially preventing irreversible impairment. at 4 weeks after discharge 39 of patients reported ongoing symptoms 325 837 and were assessed.
1	some patients complain of persisting symptoms after acute COVID 19 There is no universal definition yet for these post acute sequelae also termed long COVId. common complaints include fatigue with exercise intolerance dyspnea on exertion chest pain and neuropsychiatric symptoms Female sex comorbidities and severity of the acute disease have been identified as risk factors.
1	etiology of COVID 19 associated cardiac injury remains debated. of six cardiac histopathologic features microthrombi was the most commonly detected n 48 70. enrichment of pro thrombotic anti fibrinolytic extracellular matrix remodeling and immune potentiating signaling amongst cardiac fibroblasts.
1	multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children (MIS C) is a rare but potentially severe condition seen in children with evidence of COVID 19 approximately 2 to 6 weeks before symptom onset. children with MIS C usually require hospitalization the outcomes are largely favourable with prompt recognition and intense therapy.
1	in the COVID 19 pandemic caused by sARS cov 2 many individuals experience prolonged symptoms termed long COVId. the exact causes being unknown. aimed to examine the relationship between the oral microbiome and the duration of long covid symptoms.
0	assessment of tryptophan and kynurenine as prognostic markers in patients with SARS CoV 2 Immune dysregulation and inflammation is associated with a poor clinical outcome.
0	mental disorders typically start in childhood and persist causing high individual and collective burdens. systematic review and meta analysis to inform policymaking to address childrens mental health in high income countries.
1	post Ebola sequelae among EVD child survivors in Sierra Leone. compared self reported symptoms between EVd child survivors and their close household contacts over one year after the end of the outbreak.
1	coronavirus 2 infection is associated with vomiting diarrhoea abdominal pain and difficulty in feeding but these symptoms tend to be mild. multisystem inflammatory syndrome MIS C is characterized by more frequent gastrointestinal manifestations with greater severity sometimes presenting as peritonitis. specific conditions such as inflammatory bowel disease IBD and liver transplantation may pose a risk for the more severe presentation of COVID 19.
0	parents and teachers differently exposed to open and closed schools. among parents exposure to open rather than closed schools resulted in a small increase in PCR confirmed infections odds ratio OR 1 17 95 CI CI95 1 03 to 1 32 Among lower secondary teachers the infection rate doubled relative to upper secondary teachers OR 2 01 CI 95 1 52 to 2 67.
1	implementation of post intensive care outpatient clinic for critically ill COVID 19 survivors. presenting the experience and recommendations of our center as a guide for the establishment process. patients should be followed regarding cognitive physical and psychiatric aspects and necessary specialist referrals should be carried out.
0	study aimed to synthesize literature on the psychological impact of COVID 19 among children and adolescents. study designs were primarily single group cross sectional though a few prospective retrospective designs were also identified.
0	COVID 19 pandemic has amplified health and social inequities for refugees asylum seekers undocumented migrants transient migrant workers and other newcomers. clinicians working in a range of primary care clinical settings are being guided on how to provide effective care and support.
0	COVID 19 is responsible for the 2019 novel coronavirus disease pandemic. acute kidney injury (AKI) is a severe complication in children and adolescents. despite the vast research about the adult population there has been little data collected on pediatric patients admitted to the ICU.
1	incomplete systemic recovery and metabolic phenoreversion in post acute phase nonhospitalized COVID 19 patients Implications for assessment of post acute COVId 19 syndrome. blood samples were taken from patients ca 3 months after acute covid 19 infection with further assessment of symptoms at 6 months.
1	cognitive COVID is an informal term coined to interchangeably refer to acute changes in cognition during COVId 19 and or cognitive sequelae with various deficits following the infection. neurotropism is associated with various mechanisms including retrograde neuronal transmission via olfactory pathway a general pro inflammatory state and the pandemics unique psychosocial impact has raised alarm due to its possible effect on cognition.
0	COVID 19 pandemic and reasons to prioritize the needs of the health care system to ensure its sustainability A scoping review from January to October 2020. the global spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 led the world health organization to characterize it as a public health emergency of international concern. prevention and control of future global health emergencies must be a priority.
0	COVID 19 and the blitz compared mental health outcomes in the uk. mental health risks identified as consequences of the pandemic.
1	SARS CoV 2 attacks the respiratory and olfactory mucosae. but it spares the parenchyma of the odourous bulb. this suggests that anosmia the loss of smell is a common symptom of COVID 19.
1	persistent symptoms in adults previously hospitalized for COVID 19 remain poorly characterized. persistent symptoms reported by 1247 47 1 participants with fatigue 21 2 shortness of breath 14 5 and forgetfulness 9 1 the most common symptoms. asthma was associated with neurological 1 95 1 25 to 2 98 and mood and behavioural changes 2 02 1 24 to 3 18 and chronic pulmonary disease with chronic fatigue 1 68 1.
1	neurological symptoms signs and diagnoses have been documented in an increasing number of patients infected by the severe acute respiratory syndrome Coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 which causes Coronavirus Disease 2019 COVID 19. neurological manifestations symptoms signs or diagnoses both at the onset or during SARS cov 2 infection is associated with a more severe disease as demonstrated by a longer hospital stay higher in hospital death rate or the continued presence of sequelae at discharge.
1	blood cytokine analysis suggests that SARS CoV 2 infection results in a sustained tumour promoting environment in cancer patients. cytokines chemokines and angiogenic growth factors (CCGs) have been shown to play an intricate role in the progression of both solid and haematological malignancies. recent studies have shown that sARS cov 2 infection leads to a worse outcome in cancer.
0	Adolescence the period from 11 to 21 years of age bridges the chasm between childhood and adulthood. some of the cognitive and emotional changes make adolescents vulnerable to new fears Dentists must tailor behavior guidance to this developing psyche in a way that respects independence and promotes confidence.
1	cough is one of the most common presenting symptoms of COVID 19 along with fever and loss of taste and smell. cough can persist for weeks or months after SARS CoV 2 infection often accompanied by chronic fatigue cognitive impairment dyspnoea or pain. we hypothesize that the pathways of neurotropism neuroinflammation and neuroimmunomodulation through the vagal sensory nerves lead to a cough hypersensitivity state.
0	this article provides an update of recent practice trends in neuraxial labor analgesia. it reviews available evidence regarding management of labor pain in obstetric patients with COVID 19 serious adverse events. state of the art modes of epidural drug delivery are also discussed.
1	hypometabolism of the olfactory rectus gyrus was found on the two patients especially one with 4 week prolonged anosmia.
1	long COVID and the fire rages on. with the increasing cohort of COVId 19 survivors worldwide we now realize the proportionate rise in post-covid 19 syndrome. this would help clinicians to identify and manage this condition more efficiently.
1	ACE2 cleaves angiotensin II Ang II resulting in decreased activation of the AT1 receptor and decreased immune system activation. autoantibodies against ace2 may develop after SARS CoV 2 infection as anti idiotypic antibodies to anti spike protein antibodies.
1	a subset of patients who sustain an acute SARS CoV 2 infection are developing a wide range of persistent symptoms that do not resolve over the course of many months. these patients are being given the diagnosis long COVID or post acute sequelae of covid 19 PASC. individual patients with a PASC diagnosis have different underlying biological factors driving their symptoms none of which are mutually exclusive.
1	long COVID syndrome is characterised by the persistence of neurological psychological and physiological symptoms. the aim of the present study was to investigate the prevalence of physical psychological and sleep disturbances and the quality of life in the general population during the ongoing pandemic.
1	coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 has taken the lives of hundreds of thousands of americans leaving millions of survivors in its wake. the enormous number of people who survived acute illness but continue to have symptoms has highlighted the need for standardized evaluation. this review based on the current literature and our experience aims to guide the care of patients who have survived covid 19.
0	admission of a minor to a psychiatric hospital under Polish law. numerous practical problems arise concerning the issue of providing health services to minors.
0	pulmonary fibrosis is a chronic debilitating condition characterized by progressive deposition of connective tissue leading to a decline in lung function and a median survival of 4 5 years. this review is centered on the interplay of damage associated molecular pattern DAMP molecules Toll like receptor 4 TLR4 and inflammatory cytokines such as TNF  IL 1 and IL 17 as they contribute to the pathogenesis of the disease.
0	COVID 19 pandemic has disrupted face to face teaching in medical schools globally The use of remote learning as an emergency measure has affected students faculty support staff and administrators. this narrative review paper examines the challenges and opportunities faced by medical schools in implementing remote learning for basic science teaching.
1	post COVID 19 effects on patients chest computed tomography CT lung function respiratory symptoms fatigue functional capacity health related quality of life HRQoL and the ability to return to work beyond 3 months post infection is still unknown. systematic search was performed on PubMed Web of Science and Ovid MEDLINE on 22 May 2021 to identify studies that reported persistent effects.
0	chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension is an underdiagnosed and potentially fatal subgroup if left untreated. pulmonary endarterectomy is the gold standard treatment of choice in selected patients in specialized centers. currently there is a limited number of data regarding novel coronavirus 2019 infection in patients with ctph. challenging times during this outbreak due to healthcare crisis and relatively higher case fatality rates require convergence that is an ultradisciplinary collaboration which crosses disciplinary and sectorial boundaries.
0	coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 related stress and work intentions in a sample of us health care workers. between July 1 and december 31 2020 health care worker were surveyed for fear of viral exposure or transmission. intention to reduce hours was highest among nurses 33 7 n 776 physicians 31 4 n 2914 and advanced practice providers APPs 28 9 n 608 while lowest among clerical staff 13 6 n 242 and administrators.
1	Impact of HIV Infection on COVID 19 Outcomes Among Hospitalized Adults in the U S Whether HIV infection is associated with differences in clinical outcomes among people hospitalized with COVID 19 is uncertain To evaluate the impact of HIV infection on COVID 19 outcomes among hospitalized patients Using the American Heart Associations COVID 19 Cardiovascular Disease registry we used hierarchical mixed effects models to assess the association of HIV with in hospital mortality accounting for patient demographics and comorbidities and clustering by hospital Secondary outcomes included major adverse cardiac events MACE severity of illness and length of stay LOS The registry included 21 528 hospitalization records of people with confirmed COVID 19 from 107 hospitals in 2020 including 220 people living with HIV PLWH PLWH were younger 56 0 13 0 versus 61 3 17 9 years old and more likely to be male 72 3 vs 52 7 Non Hispanic Black 51 4 vs 25 4 on Medicaid 44 5 vs 24 5 and active tobacco users 12 7 versus 6 5 Of the study population 36 PLWH 16 4 had in hospital mortality compared with 3 290 15 4 without HIV Risk ratio 1 06 95 CI 0 79 1 43 risk difference 0 9 95 CI 4 2 to 6 1 p 0 71 After adjustment for age sex race and insurance HIV was not associated with in hospital mortality aOR 1 13 95 CI 0 77 1 6 p 0 54 even after adding body mass index and comorbidities aOR 1 15
1	COVID 19 patients sometimes experience long term symptoms following resolution of acute disease including fatigue brain fog and rashes. our aim was to first determine long COVId prevalence in 185 randomly surveyed COVI D 19 patients and then to determine if there was an association between occurrence of long covid symptoms and reactivation of Epstein Barr virus.
1	long COVID 19 symptoms the so called long covid are rising. little is known about prevalence risk factors or whether it is possible to predict a protracted course early in the disease.
0	CVST and cerebral venous sinus thrombosis post COVID 19 vaccination a systematic review. common reported adverse effects of vaccine consist of the injection sites local reaction followed by several non specific flu like symptoms. rare cases of CVST after viral vector vaccines ChAdOx1 nCoV 19 vaccine Ad26 COV2 vaccine have been reported.
1	number of patients with pulmonary fibrosis secondary to COVID 19 is expected to expand over time. risk factors histopathological characterization pathophysiology prevalence and management of post COVId 19 pulmonary fisis are poorly understood.
1	long term consequences are increasingly reported in the current literature after COVID 19 infections. some patients suffer from persistent pulmonary and extrapulmonary symptoms even months after the acute infection Pulmonary impairment but also dysregulation and effects on immune system.
1	kidney in the net of acute and long haul coronavirus disease 2019 a potential role for lipid mediators in causing renal injury and fibrosis. severe COVID 19 disease is often complicated by acute kidney injury (AKI) which may transition to chronic kidney disease CKD. better understanding of underlying mechanisms is important in advancing therapeutic approaches.
0	COVID 19 pandemic has imposed many challenges on paediatric liver transplantation PLT services. it has necessitated several adaptations in different stages of the process to ensure transplant centres can still deliver the proposed services in addition to protecting patients and staff against infection. this review article digs through the current literature to clarify the challenges imposed by SARS CoV2 on PLT centres globally.
1	COVID 19 is now recognized as a multi organ disease with a broad spectrum of manifestations. patient advocacy groups have helped contribute to the recognition of post acute COVD 19 a syndrome characterized by persistent symptoms and or delayed or long term complications beyond 4 weeks from the onset of symptoms.
0	psychiatric care has shifted primarily to telehealth limiting the important patient nonverbal communication that has been part of in person clinical sessions. smartphone applications used to gather different types of EC data how data have been integrated into clinical care and implications.
1	the damage caused by SARSCoV 2 is multifactorial and that its extension goes beyond lung inflammation and the acute phase with the appearance of numerous complications and sequelae. the present study aims to review the existing literature focusing on these three issues and briefly present our own preliminary experience.
1	PASC or long COVID syndrome is emerging as a major health issue in patients with previous SARS CoV 2 infection. symptoms commonly experienced by patients include fatigue palpitations chest pain dyspnea reduced exercise tolerance and brain fog. signs of cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction appear to be common in PASC and are similar to those observed in postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome.
1	post COVID 19 exacerbation of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva in a 45 year old female patient with known FOP. cytokine analysis of a plasma sample obtained during a flare up after covid 19 infection showed a significantly elevated pro inflammatory cytokines. patient had multiple flare ups and extensive heterotopic bone formation in multiple soft tissue areas of the neck.
1	severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 related multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children mimicking kawasaki disease. clinical symptoms i e high and persistent fever gastrointestinal disorders skin rash conjunctival injection and dry cracked lips. biological signs e g elevated c reactive protein procalcitonin and high levels of ferritinaemia mimicked.
1	the long term immunological impact of novel Coronavirus LIINC cohort study in san francisco california from June through October of 2020. participants were adults who had a previously confirmed positive SARV CoV 2 nucleic acid amplification test result had recovered or were recovering from acute infection.
0	remdesivir is the only USFDA approved anti COVID 19 medication indicated in the majority of symptomatic patients with moderate to severe disease Dexamethasone is solely recommended in patients with respiratory distress maintained on oxygen or ventilatory support. three novel monoclonal anti SARS CoV 2 spike protein antibodies bamlanivimab casirivimab and imdevima.
1	COVID 19 illness can be associated with significant intermediate and potentially longer term physical limitations. the ccs rapid response team has generated this document to provide guidance to health care providers on the optimal management of patients with suspected cardiac complications. it is postulated that cardiac injury might be linked to symptoms that persist after resolution of acute infection as part of this syndrome.
1	COVID 19 associated insomnia and insomniac symptoms can become chronic and will continue to preoccupy the sleep medicine community even after the pandemic has ended. prevalence of insomnia symptoms in affected individuals was 36 to 88 which is significantly higher than the estimated 10 to 40 prevalence in the general population. digital therapy as a current treatment option for insomnia can be offered to patients regardless of physical distance. early approval of therapy apps and person led digital therapy options for insomnia would be recommended.
0	probiotics have been investigated as adjuvants in farm conditions and as models to understand their potential in human vaccinations with promising results. however the results for clinical use are still controversial especially in particular settings such as during the last trimester of pregnancy. probiotic administration influences the microbiota composition and acts as a biological response modifier.
1	ANCOHVID multicentre 6 month follow up study. COVID 19 affects more than 10 of patients. most severe cases present a higher frequency of sequelae or persistent symptomatology during the 6 months after discharge. main outcome measures were return to the emergency services hospital readmission and post discharge death.
0	lung ventilation studies were halted due to concern regarding spread of contaminated secretions into the ambient air. a number of variant protocols emerged in the medical literature which minimized or eliminated the ventilation component due to the persistent need to provide this critical diagnostic service without compromising the safety of staff and patients. some of these interim remedies may gain traction and earn a more permanent place in the ongoing practice of nuclear medicine.
1	patients with COVID 19 present a wide spectrum of disease severity from asymptomatic cases in the majority to serious disease leading to critical care and even death. clinical manifestations support a key role for endothelial dysfunction in the pathobiology of this condition The virus enters into the organism via its interaction with angiotensin converting enzyme 2 receptor that is present prominently in the alveoli. biomarkers of endothelium injury could constitute strong indicators of disease progression.
1	assessment of activities of daily living in patients post COVID 19 infection a systematic review. little is known about the impact of the disease on functional ability related to performing ADL. the barthel index and adl score were the most used assessment tools across subjects with different intrinsic capacity and context levels.
0	erythema multiforme EM is an acute cutaneous eruption often associated with infections and more rarely with drugs. a systematic search of PubMed MEDLINE Scimago Scopus and ISI Web of science was performed. 14 articles were selected describing a total of 70 patients. in these cases EM seems to affect patients younger than 30 years or older than 55 years Infrequently some drugs used in the management of COVID 19 may induce EM especially hydroxychloroquine.
1	Symptoms remain highly prevalent one year after hospitalization for severe COVID 19 Many coronavirus disease 2019 2019 survivors show symptoms months after acute illness.
0	Indigenous women are overrepresented among people who use PWU methamphetamine MA due to colonialism and intergenerational trauma. environmental scan of published and grey literature to determine effects of MA use in pregnancy for mothers and their offspring effective interventions and implications for Indigenous women.
0	reference test for infection identification is reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction RT qPCR. number of cycles Ct in positive rtqPCR tests can assist in decision making when interpreted in the clinical context of patients.
0	investigating the association between mass transit adoption and COVID 19 infections in US metropolitan areas. a 10 increase in weekly train transit usage was associated with an increase in incidence rate of 1 54 95 CI 1 25 1 90 times. increasing weekly bus transit usage in metropolitan statistical areas by one scaled unit was associated. with a 1 3895 CI1 251 90 times increase.
0	study tested neural and self reported measures of sensitivity to uncertainty. participants completed task designed to probe neural response to anticipation of predictable P and unpredictable U threat of electric shock during functional magnetic resonance imaging. approximately two years later during the peak of the pandemic participants reported their emotional reactions to the COVID 19 crisis. results add to growing literature demonstrating that individual differences in response to uncertainty have a robust impact on mood and functioning.
1	the BEMED study was designed as multi centric double blind plaebo controlled study in patients with menières disease. the primary endpoint was the number of vertigo attacks lasting longer than 20 min as documented in a patients diary. main finding was that betahistine did not significantly better reduced the number. of vertigo attacks than placebo.
1	postacute sequelae of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 infection (PASC) affect between 33 and 98 of coronaviral disease 2019 survivors. symptoms include pulmonary cardiovascular neurologic psychiatric gastrointestinal renal endocrine and musculoskeletal systems. disproportionate impact on racial ethnic minorities older patients patients with preexisting conditions and rural residents.
0	rhino orbital mucormycosis related to COVID 19 a case series exploring risk factors.
1	an estimated 700 000 people in the u.s. have long COVID that is symptoms of covid 19 persisting beyond three weeks. primary care providers are in a unique position to provide and coordinate care for vulnerable patients. policy measures should include strengthening primary care optimizing data quality and addressing the multiple nested domains of inequity.
0	factors associated with COVID 19 preventive health behaviors among the general public in Mexico city and the state of mexico.
0	SARS CoV 2 Nucleocapsid protein attenuates stress granules and interacts with mRNAs to impair host stress response Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 nucleocapsid N protein is essential for viral replication making it a promising target for antiviral drug and vaccine development SARS CoV 2 infected patients exhibit an uncoordinated immune response however the underlying mechanistic details of this imbalance remain obscure Here starting from a functional proteomics workflow we catalogued the protein protein interactions of SARS CoV 2 proteins including an evolutionarily conserved specific interaction of N with the stress granule resident proteins G3BP1 and G3BP2 N localizes to stress granules and sequesters G3BPs away from their typical interaction partners thus attenuating stress granule formation We found that N binds directly to host mRNAs in cells with a preference for 3 UTRs and modulates target mRNA stability We show that the N protein rewires the G3BP1 mRNA binding profile and suppresses the physiological stress response of host cells which may explain the imbalanced immune response observed in SARS CoV 2 infected patients
0	Pathophysiology of COVID 19 Why Children Fare Better than Adults The world is facing Coronavirus Disease 2019 COVID 19 pandemic which is causing a large number of deaths and burden on intensive care facilities It is caused by Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 originating in Wuhan China It has been seen that fewer children contract COVID 19 and among infected children have less severe disease Insights in pathophysiological mechanisms of less severity in children could be important for devising therapeutics for high risk adults and elderly Early closing of schools and day care centers led to less frequent exposure and hence lower infection rate in children The expression of primary target receptor for SARS CoV 2 i e angiotensin converting enzyme 2 ACE 2 decreases with age ACE 2 has lung protective effects by limiting angiotensin 2 mediated pulmonary capillary leak and inflammation Severe COVID 19 disease is associated with high and persistent viral loads in adults Children have strong innate immune response due to trained immunity secondary to live vaccines and frequent viral infections leading to probably early control of infection at the site of entry Adult patients show suppressed adaptive immunity and dysfunctional over active innate immune response in severe infections which is not seen in children These could be related to immune senescence in elderly Excellent regeneration capacity of pediatric alveolar epithelium may be contributing to early recovery from COVID 19 Children less frequently have risk factors such as co morbidities smoking and obesity But young infants and children
0	human miRNAs are homologous towards COVID 19 genome. host miRNA miRNA interaction can effectively inhibit viral transmission and replication. miR 4476 had the strongest binding with viral pre miRNA G 21 8 kcal mol due to maximum base pairing in the seed sequence Pre miR 651 secondary structure was most stable.
1	the invasion and transmission of SARS CoV 2 in the CNS is not clearly defined. mitochondria and mTOR signaling pathways play a critical role in the antiviral immune response and may also be critical for endocytic activity. the mechanisms plausibly account for severe neurologic complications with COVID 19 and potential treatments with fda approved drugs.
1	study aims to characterise physical and psychosocial sequelae in patients post COVID 19 hospital discharge using standardised surveys. secondary aim of this study is to identify groups most likely to be affected by sequeles of COVId 19. data will be linked with data on pre existing conditions and care received during the acute phase of illness.
1	pediatric patients with laboratory confirmed coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 were studied in a tertiary hospital in latin america. the median duration between diagnosis n 53 and follow up was 4 4 months 0 8 10 7 Twenty three of 53 43 patients reported at least one persistent symptom at the longitudinal follow up visit. most frequently reported symptoms were headache 19 severe recurrent headache 9 tiredness 9 dyspnea 8 and concentration difficulty 4.
0	visiting restrictions during the COVID 19 pandemic have been implemented. little is known about the consequences of visiting restrictions in health care services. 17 scientific papers covering intensive care pediatric care hospital care palliative care and nursing home settings were included. physical health consequences reduced nutrition intake decreased activities of daily living and increased physical pain and symptoms were reported. mental health consequences for the patient loneliness depressive symptoms agitation aggression reduced cognitive ability and overall dissatisfaction were observed.
0	gentle medicine is a form of medicine in which physicians intervene less than they currently do. gentle medicine was originally formulated by philosopher Jacob stegenga. we advance a series of reform recommendations that could be enacted by medical staff in their everyday practice.
0	probiotics and postbiotics could function as silver bullet in the post COVID 19 era. are we adequately prepared to provide a satisfactory quality of life for individuals who are recovering from covid 19 disease?
0	aging is a complex process characterized by a functional decline in multiple physiological systems. the immune system of older people is well equipped to react to often encountered antigens but has a low response to vaccination. memory B cells are mostly high specialized antigen selected CD27 sup bright. B cells from older individuals produced significantly fewer IgM and IgA antibodies compared to younger individuals. this suggests that the aged immune system is less able to react and consequently protect the organism.
0	mental health problems in Indonesian internship doctors during the COVID 19 pandemic era All new graduate medical doctors in Indonesia will work in government healthcare facilities for one year as internship doctors. problems such as the shortage of PPE no specific treatment guidelines and inadequate support from authorities contributed.
1	long term SARS CoV 2 specific immune and inflammatory responses in individuals recovering from COVID 19 with and without post acute symptoms. participants represent a spectrum of illness and recovery including some with persistent viral shedding in saliva and many experiencing post acute sequelae of SARS cov 2 infection.
1	primary and specialty care clinicians strive to base diagnoses and treatment on specific measurable abnormalities. but those with invisible controversial illnesses such as myalgic encephalomyelitis chronic fatigue syndrome ME CFS often have symptoms not explained by standard laboratory values. in these cases overly physicalist approaches to caring for patients are not likely to be helpful and a clinicians willingness to listen to a patients experience of illness becomes essential.
1	post acute sequelae of COVID 19 is used to describe the long term symptoms that might be experienced weeks to months after primary infection with SARS CoV 2. a third of the persons interviewed reported having at least one symptom 2 months after their positive test result. persons aged 40 54 years females and those with preexisting conditions had higher odds of reporting dyspnea and myalgia arthralgic pain.
0	COVID 19 pandemic pressured medical schools globally to shift to distance learning DL as an alternative way to ensure that the content delivered is satisfactory for student progression. this work aims at mapping priorities for post-COVID planning for better balance between face to face and DL. virtual mapping session was held with 79 faculty from 19 countries They worked in small groups to determine upsides and downsides.
1	burden of PASC defined as the presence of at least one sequela in excess of non infected controls was 73 43 72 10 74 72 per 1000 persons at 6 months. burden of individual sequelae varied by demographic groups age race and sex but were consistently higher in people with poorer baseline health and in those with more severe acute infection. results may be useful in forming health systems capacity planning and care strategies of people with PASC.
0	COVID 19 has infected 77 4 million people worldwide and has caused 1 7 million fatalities as of December 21 2020. primary cause of death due to COVId 19 is acute respiratory distress syndrome ARDS. AI scientists are developing several intelligent computer aided diagnosis CAD tools in multiple imaging modalities i e lung computed tomography CT chest X rays and lung ultrasounds.
0	optic nerve and macular parameters of children who recovered from COVID 19 compared with healthy children using optical coherence tomography OCT Cohort study. children between 6 and 18 years old with laboratory confirmed SARS CoV 2 infection and historical controls were included. patients underwent an ophthalmological examination including macular and optic nerve OCT.
0	health sector is critical to the well being of any country but developing countries have several obstacles that prevent them from providing adequate health care. management and disposal of medical wastes during and post COVID 19 represent a major challenge in all countries. main problems in developing countries include inefficient treatment procedures limited capacity of healthcare facilities and improper waste disposal procedures. there is a need to determine best disposal techniques given the conditions and limitations under which developing countries operate.
0	COVID 19 was declared a pandemic in march 2020 resulting in many countries worldwide calling for lockdowns. this systematic review aimed to review the existing literature on the effects of lockdown measures on child and adolescent mental health. it included individual studies reporting on a wide range of mental health outcomes including risk and protective factors.
1	post COVID 19 complications require simultaneous characterisation and management to plan policy and health system responses. a 12 month single centre prospective study in 1325 individuals. demographics symptoms comorbidities investigations treatments functional recovery specialist referral and rehabilitation.
0	COVID 19 is an infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2. the virus is transmitted through respiratory droplets and by physical contact from contaminated surfaces to the mucosa. paediatric dental treatment is suspended in many countries because of the increased risk of cross infection in dental practices.
0	immune responses biochemical changes and inflammatory responses in the human body after infection with the SARS CoV 2 virus. increased amount of inflammatory cytokines chemokines and involvement of complement proteins in inflammatory reaction increase the risk of occurrence of disease. immunomodulation and immunotherapeutics of COVID 19 a pandemic which was originated from Wuhan city of china.
1	COVID 19 associated hospitalizations and deaths have occurred more frequently in adults but severe outcomes can also occur in children and adolescents 1 2. schools are opening for in person learning and many prekindergarten children are returning to early care and education programs during a time when the number of cases caused by the highly transmissible B 1 617 2 delta variant of SARS CoV 2 is increasing. the cumulative incidence of COVD 19. associated hospitalisations was 49 7 per 100 000 children.
1	half of children who contract covid 19 may have lasting symptoms. this should factor into decisions on reopening schools reports b Helen Thomson.
0	the identification of vulnerable subgroups and risk factors associated with the susceptibility to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 is of utmost importance in a pandemic scenario. potential interactions between renin angiotensin system RAS immune markers and COVID 19 play a role in disease outcome in specific groups of patients.
1	exercise hyperventilation may be a major limiting factor in COVID 19 survivors. exercise intolerance may be related to an abnormality of ventilatory control by either hyperactivity of activator systems or failure of inhibitory systems endorphins in the aftermath of pulmonary infection.
1	long term consequences of COVID 19 infection will be a major health care focus for years after the contagion subsides. most complications stem from direct viral invasion provoking an over exuberant inflammatory response driven by innate immune cells and activation of the clotting cascade causing thrombosis Injury to individual organs and their protective linings are frequent presentations. the pandemic is also an unprecedented sociocultural event transforming how people consider their health gather in groups and navigate their daily lives.
1	Vaccination boosts protective responses and counters SARS CoV 2 induced pathogenic memory B cells.
1	emergence of the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 worldwide pandemic has been associated with a new constellation of cutaneous features in children. Among the unusual dermatologic presentations are the so called COVID toes inflammatory nodules of the feet and toe involving the hands and fingers These lesions mimic acral pernio the synonym being chilblains.
1	long COVID syndrome refers to long term sequelae of the novel viral disease which occur even in patients with initially mild disease courses. there is still little evidence of the actual organic consequences and their frequency.
0	a cross sectional study of 29 published cases of acute myopericarditis following COVID 19 mRNA vaccination. the most common presentation was chest pain within 1 5 days after the second dose of mrna COVId 19 vaccination All patients had an elevated troponin. magnetic resonance imaging revealed late gadolinium enhancement consistent with myocardiitis in 69 of cases.
1	a 2 wave web based follow up study was conducted in members of online long COVID peer support groups with a confirmed diagnosis approximately 3 and 6 months after the onset of infectious symptoms. the aim of the study was to assess the severity of fatigue over time and assess whether members of these groups experienced mental fatigue physical fatigue or both.
0	ASPEN COVID 19 nutrition task force conducted a scoping review of nutrition research applicable to the COVId 19 pandemic. the rapid pace of emerging scientific information has prompted this activity to discover research knowledge gaps. of these there were 439 articles fully abstracted with 23 main topic areas identified across 24 article types and sourced across 61 countries and 51 specialties in 8 settings and among 14 populations. nutrition topics meriting urgent research included food insecurity societal infrastructure and transcultural factors.
1	a significant proportion of individuals experience lingering and debilitating symptoms following acute COVID 19 infection. the prevalence of clinical features and identify potential predictors for acute and chronic post COVId syndrome. a systematic literature search was performed to identify studies detailing characteristics and outcomes related to survivorship. fatigue and dyspnoea were the most prevalent symptoms in acute postCOVID 0 37 and 0 35.
0	myocarditis has been recognized as a rare complication of coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 mRNA vaccinations especially in young adult and adolescent males. rates are 12 6 cases per million doses of second dose vaccine among individuals 12 to 39 years of age In reported cases patients presenting with chest pain usually 2 to 3 days after a second dose.
1	a significant proportion of COVID 19 patients are suffering from prolonged. Post Covid 19 Fatigue Syndrome with characteristics typically found in. myalgic encephalomyelitis chronic fatigue syndrome ME CFS. no clear pathophysiological explanation as yet has been provided. a novel paradigm for a. post covid 19 fatigue syndrome is developed here from a recent unifying model for ME.
1	more than 4 million adults survive a stay in the intensive care unit each year with many experiencing new or worsening physical disability mental health problems and or cognitive impairments known as post intensive care syndrome PICS. due to the relatively recent recognition and characterization of PICS there may be limited awareness and understanding among physical therapists practicing in home health care and community based settings. lack of awareness may lead to inappropriate and inadequate rehabilitation service provision.
1	COVID 19 cardiac injury Implications for long term surveillance and outcomes in survivors Up to 20 30 of patients hospitalized with coronavirus disease 2019 have evidence of myocardial involvement. there are no data on how acute treatment of covid 19 may affect the convalescent phase or long term cardiac recovery and function. some patients will have subclinical and possibly overt cardiovascular abnormalities Patients with ostensibly recovered cardiac function may still be at risk of cardiomyopathy and cardiac arrhythmias.
0	coronavirus disease COVID 19 outbreak reported in china in december 2019 has spread throughout the world The WHO declared it as a pandemic in march 2020.
1	authors used cardiopulmonary exercise testing CPET to define unexplained dyspnea in patients with post acute sequelae of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 infection PASC. authors assessed participants for criteria to diagnose myalgic encephalomyelitis chronic fatigue syndrome ME CFS Approximately 20 of patients who recover from COVID remain symptomatic This syndrome is named PASC Its etiology is unclear.
1	metabolic reprogramming in COVID 19 provides great opportunities for developing novel biomarkers and therapeutic agents for virus infection. study reveals significant changes in metabolism resulting in the perspective that COVId 19 is a metabolic disease.
0	mental health is a fundamental human right and is part of the well being of society. there is an urgent need for research about this topic to prevent long lasting adverse effects on the population. COVID 19 pandemic exposed disparities in multiple mental health care systems by having adverse mental health effects in people with pre existing mental health disorders and previously healthy individuals.
0	lung transplantation has been successfully employed for both CARDS and post COVID fibrosis in a limited number of patients worldwide. however, transplant programs must consider a number of unique challenges.
1	post COVID syndrome is a term used to describe a group of clinical manifestations that continue beyond the acute phase of the disease. it has been proposed by the scientific committee of the Madrid College of Physicians ICOMEM.
0	as of July 2021 over 3 billion doses of a COVID 19 vaccines have been administered globally. there are now 19 COVId 19 vaccine vaccines approved for use in at least one country. the global vaccination effort has been challenged by inequitable distribution of vaccines predominantly to high income countries.
1	the COVID 19 pandemic is the greatest global test of health leadership of our generation. there is an urgent need to provide guidance for leaders at all levels during the unprecedented preresolution recovery stage. the 10 imperatives in the framework are acknowledge staff and celebrate successes 2 provide support for staff well being 3 prepare for future emergencies personnel resources protocols contingency plans coalitions and training 5 reassess priorities explicitly and regularly and provide purpose meaning and direction 6 maximize team organizational and system performance and discuss enhancements.
0	thrombotic risk in children with COVID 19 infection and MIS C A systematic review of the literature.
1	this paper highlights the presence of tachycardia in post acute COVID 19 syndrome by introducing a new label for this phenomenon. we also discuss epidemiology putative mechanisms treatment options and future research directions in this novel clinical syndrome.
1	a significant percentage of COVID 19 cases experience symptom persistence beyond 30 days and go on to develop post acute sequelae. participants reporting use of medications for autoimmune disease were more likely to have experienced symptoms at all time points over a 30 day time period.
1	COVID 19 patients presenting with new or worsening overactive bladder symptoms. known as covid 19 associated cystitis CAC.
1	COVID 19 may affect infected people much longer than expected from a typical air borne viral disease. the scientific community is actually wondering about the etiopathogenesis and clinical development of this complex symptomatology very close to symptoms typically observed in chronic fatigue syndrome.
1	multiple inflammatory syndrome in children associated with COVID 19 and Kawasaki disease clinical presentations diagnosis and treatment. MIS C is a new type of syndrome that has now been reported in many countries Similar and different characteristics between KD and MIS.
1	pediatric inflammatory multisystem syndrome temporally related with COVID 19 is now known as PIMS TS 1 or Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children MIS C 2. signs and symptoms are largely overlapping with the for Kawasaki disease KD and toxic shock syndrome TSS.
1	patients collectively made long covid and cognate term long haul covid in the first months of the pandemic. patients many with initially mild illness used various kinds of evidence and advocacy to demonstrate a longer more complex course of illness. it moved from patients through various media to formal clinical and policy channels in just a few months.
1	a proportion of patients with COVID 19 have symptoms past the acute disease phase which may affect quality of life. it is important for clinicians to be aware of this long covid 19 syndrome to better diagnose treat and prevent it.
1	non persistent viruses classically cause transient acute infections triggering immune responses aimed at the elimination of the pathogen. symptoms during the acute phase are often linked to dysregulated immune responses that disappear once the patient recovers. conditions resulting from previous transient infection are termed post acute sequelae PAS.
1	chronic kidney disease patients infected with SARS CoV 2 should be monitored by rehabilitation professionals as the cardiopulmonary musculoskeletal and cognitive systems might be deteriorated. the overall aim of this review is to provide a theoretical basis for early improvements of physical function health to all CKD stages by rehabilitation therapies.
1	dysautonomia could occur in secondary COVID 19 infection also referred to as long covid infection. HRV during a change in position is commonly measured to diagnose autonomic dysregulation.
1	mid term psychiatric outcomes in patients recovered from COVID 19 from an italian cohort of hospitalized patients. patients assessed included both a clinical interview performed by an experienced psychiatrist trained in the use of the mini international neuropsychiatrist interview.
0	this systematic review summarizes what is known about health related physical fitness cardiovascular endurance muscular strength and endurance flexibility and body composition and physical activity among homeschool youth. findings have implications for all american youth as they return to public school from mandated schooling at home during the COVID 19 pandemic.
0	Covid 19 pandemic has greatly affected travel risk and management perceptions. travel risk perception had a significant association with risk management service delivery transportation patterns distribution channels avoidance of overpopulated destinations and hygiene and safety. findings contribute to tourism crises and provides future research insights in the travel and tourism sector.
0	a rapid review of the evidence on the prevalence of mental health problems during virus epidemics in the general public health care workers and survivors. MHP rates across studies populations and epidemics vary substantially. some studies show high and persistent rates of MHP in populations directly affected by isolation quarantine and community containment.
0	telehealth and autism prior to and in the age of COVID 19: a systematic and critical review of the last decade. autism spectrum disorder (asd) has been particularly affected due to the often intensive service needs required by this population. the aim of this review was to examine the evidence base methodology and outcomes of studies. 55 studies met inclusion criteria and quality analysis.
1	SARS CoV 2 has been identified to be responsible for the current outbreak of the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 Though major symptoms are primarily generated from the respiratory system neurological symptoms are being reported in some of the confirmed cases. it remains unclear the extent to which SARS cov 2 is present in the brain and if so its pathogenic role in the central nervous system CNS.
0	COVID 19 is a contagious disease that may lead to respiratory distress syndrome and even death. neonates and children are most vulnerable population to infection. infection is usually milder and has a better prognosis in pediatric patients compared with adults It remains unclear why pediatric population is less symptomatic than adults Children frequently experience respiratory infections and their immune system is in developing stage. large proportion of the asymptomatic pediatric population may contribute to transmission.
0	social isolation during adolescence may be especially pernicious as it could permanently derail typical neurobiological processes necessary for establishing adaptive adult behaviors. the recent wave of social deprivation resulting from the COVID 19 pandemic especially amongst school aged adolescents is of paramount importance.
1	COVID 19 is caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 infection. latest estimates suggest that 10 to 20 of the SARS patients who undergo an acute symptomatic phase are experiencing effects of the disease beyond 12 weeks after diagnosis. exercise programs and physical activity levels are well known modulators of the clinical manifestations and prognosis in many chronic diseases.
1	COVID 19 can lead to severe disease courses with multiple organ involvement respiratory and neurological functional impairments. respiratory therapy should be an essential part of dysphagia management to re establish cough effectiveness and breathing swallowing coordination.
1	neuro PASC patients have a specific signature composed of humoral and cellular immune responses that are biased towards different structural proteins compared to healthy COVID convalescents. t cell responses to SARS CoV 2 mRNA vaccines are aberrantly elevated in longitudinally sampled neuro paSC patients compared with healthy COVD patients. these data provide a framework for the rational design of diagnostics and predictive biomarkers.
0	the COVID 19 pandemic examines the state of actual health care and fundamental medicine in various countries. SI is a specific type of general pathological process known as systemic inflammation. the role of hypoxia metabolic dysfunction scavenger receptors and pattern recognition receptors as well as the processes of the hemophagocytic syndrome in the systemic alteration and development of SI.
0	SARS CoV 2 and pathological matrix remodeling mediators. induced inflammation afterwards infection engenders a high infiltration of immune cells and cytokines that triggers matrix metalloproteinases activation. when immune cells MMPs secreted mediators and several other mediators are gathered a pathological matrix remodeling occurs. this phenomenon tends to tissue destruction in the first place and a pulmonary hypertrophy and fibrosis in the second place.
0	this review summarizes current knowledge regarding the mechanisms of immune response against severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 infection and clinical manifestations. it focuses on children and patients presenting with congenital or acquired immune deficiency. specific immune defects may either serve as an experimentum naturae entailing this risk or may not be relevant enough to impact the host defense against the virus. findings may help unveil pathogenetic mechanisms of the infection and suggest new therapeutic strategies.
1	Zurich SARS CoV 2 Cohort enrolled 431 adults from the general population with polymerase chain reaction confirmed SARS cov 2 infection reported to health authorities between 27 February 2020 and 05 august 2020 in the canton of Zurich, switzerland. the objective was to assess the prevalence of impaired health status and physical and mental health symptoms among individuals at least six months after infection.
0	patients with coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 who develop pulmonary embolism PE in the full spectrum of patient care settings need to be elucidated. aim of this study was to compare the clinical characteristics treatment and 90 day outcomes in patients diagnosed with PE while being hospitalized. data from the international Registro Informatizado de Enfermedad TromboEmbólica RIETE registry were used.
0	COVID 19 a worldwide pandemic has given an awakening and introspective moment for all surgeons involved with aerosol generating procedures. we ought to modify our practices to learn to live with it if we wish to prevail over it. this article outlines similar small changes that can be done in our minor maxillofacial surgery practice to safeguard both patients and healthcare workers.
0	systematic review and meta analysis examined the prevalence of depression anxiety sleep disorders and posttraumatic stress symptoms among children and adolescents during global COVID 19 pandemic in 2019 to 2020. the potential modifying effects of age and gender were also examined. a literature search was conducted in PubMed Web of Science PsycINFO and two Chinese academic databases.
0	the COVID 19 pandemic posed major challenges in obstetric health care services Preparedness development and implementation of new protocols were part of the needed response. this study aims to describe the strategies implemented and the perspectives of health managers on the challenges to face the pan demic in 16 different maternity hospitals in brazil.
0	SARS CoV 2 emerged in December 2019 as the causative agent of Coronavirus 2019 COVID 19 and was declared a pandemic by the world health organization in march 2020. it has several distinctive features including extensive multiorgan involvement with a robust systemic inflammatory response significant associated morbidity and mortality and prolonged persistence of viral RNA in the clinical specimens of infected individuals.
1	vitamin c might be a suitable treatment option for long COVID fatigue. antioxidant anti inflammatory endothelial restoring and immunomodulatory effects of high dose IV vitamin C on fatigue are discussed. fatigue is common not only in cancer patients but also after viral and other infections Effective treatment options are still very rare.
0	COVID 19 is a disease caused by a SARS CoV 2 virus infection first reported in Wuhan city Chinese province of hubei in December 2019. by July 2nd 2020 10 818 005 confirmed cases and 519 467 deaths worldwide.
1	PACS includes the subacute symptomatic phase 4 12 weeks after acute COVID 19 as well as the subsequent chronic post COVD 19 period. PACS is associated with various general symptoms and organ pulmonary cardiovascular neuropsychiatric dermatological renal manifestations.
1	rehabilitation is important for patients with coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 infection a literature review. there are no guidelines in english on the rehabilitation of these patients.
0	stethoscopes are a tool cherished by the field of cardiology and ubiquitous throughout medicine. little consideration has been given to its safe usage regarding its potential for pathogenic contamination. COVID 19 SARS COV 2 pandemic has led to increased infection control vigilance.
1	a 12 areas protocol emerges as the optimal trade off for both COVID 19 and post COVId 19 patients. a validated and standardized imaging protocol based on 14 scanning areas and a 4 level scoring system was implemented.
0	immune response and pathogenesis of COVID 19 associated neurological disease. role of immune associated genes in the pathology is presented which could contribute to finding associated genetic risk factors. the nature of SARS CoV 2 infection can be neuroinflammatory Genes of immune response could be associated with neurodegenerative diseases.
0	the current study explored the effectiveness of a parent supported adaptation of the computer game based social skills program secret agent society SAS. 70 child parent dyads were randomized to SAS n 35 or a caregiver supported cognitive skills training game CIA control comparison. both completed over 10 weeks Child participants were on the autism spectrum and aged seven to 12 years 60 boys 10 girls SAS participants improved more than CIA participants on parent rated social skills and problem behaviors.
0	SARS CoV 2 is what has caused the COVID 19 pandemic. early viral infection is mediated by the SARS coV 2 homo trimeric Spike S protein with its receptor binding domains RBDs in the receptor accessible state. Molecular dynamics simulation on the s protein with a focus on the function of its i N i terminal domains NTDs is performed.
1	episodic long term memory deficits are frequent in COVID 19 recovered patients and negatively impact on prognosis and outcome. little is known about their semiology and prevalence also being still debated whether they arise from primary amnesic features or are secondary to dysexecutive inattentive processes and disease related premorbid status.
1	small fiber neuropathy (sfn) is associated with SARS CoV 2 infection. small fibers are thought to be involved in the development of paresthesias and numbness that develop during or after SARS cov 2 infection. skin biopsy confirmed SFN in six all of whom showed both neuropathy symptoms and signs and two also showed autonomic dysfunction.
0	telehealth appointments have grown in popularity due to the COVID 19 global pandemic Three cases presented in this article show several different perspectives. the hope is that this article sheds light on some of the potential setbacks that can come from the use of virtual appointments. readers should be able to discuss ways in which there could be solutions for these barriers.
1	HRV is a useful tool for the assessment of cardiac sympathetic and parasympathetic balance. altered cardiac autonomic function after recovery from COVID 19.
1	during the global pandemic of covid 19 the hospital setting transitional care management was challenged by the complexities of the rapidly changing health care environment. this article explores the strategic tactics to ensure effective communication between team members patient and family engagement in discharge planning.
1	clinical features of pediatric post acute COVID 19 a descriptive retrospective follow up study.
1	post acute sequelae of COVID 19 in a non hospitalized cohort. prevalence of PASC defined as experiencing at least one symptom 30 days or longer and prevalence of individual symptoms.
0	EBOV causes an extremely contagious viral haemorrhagic fever associated with high mortality. historically children have represented a small number of total cases of EVD in recent outbreaks up to a quarter of cases have been in children. this review of paediatric Ebola virus disease in children poses unique challenges in clinical management and infection prevention and control.
1	COVID 19 sequelae in adults aged less than 50 years A systematic review aims to evaluate the available evidence. there is emerging evidence of long term sequelas in a considerable proportion of patients after recovery. the spectrum and severity of such sequeles should be systematically reviewed. a systematic literature search was conducted with a cutoff date of the 17th September 2020 according to PRISMA guidelines.
0	prevalence of SARS CoV 2 RNA on inanimate surfaces a systematic review and meta analysis. prevalences on high medium and low risk surfaces were 0 22 CI sub 95 sub 0 152 0 296 0 04 CIs sub 95 under 0 027 0 090.
0	metabolic health emerges as pivotal in COVID 19 pathogenesis and the immune systems response. leveraging insulin resistance biomarkers along with micronutrient deficiencies will allow for a diagnostic window and provide functional therapeutic targets.
1	COVID 19 is an ongoing pandemic with many challenges that are now extending to its intriguing long term sequel long COVId 19 is a term given to the lingering or protracted illness that patients continue to experience even in their post recovery phase. the present review aims to highlight its epidemiology protean clinical manifestations risk predictors and management strategies.
1	COVID 19 is a global pandemic infectious disease that spread throughout the world causing a major public health emergency. the virus that causes the disease called SARS CoV 2 can infect all age groups. despite the fact that infected children generally appear to be asymptomatic or have only mild symptoms the disease may involve a wide spectrum of clinical manifestations.
1	long term post acute pulmonary sequelae of COVID 19 remain unknown. fibrosis like changes and ground glass opacities were seen in 85 of 118 72 patients at follow up chest CT examination.
1	more than 100 persistent symptoms of sARS cov 2 long COVID were identified in a scoping review of the literature. type and prevalence of symptoms are not well reported using systematic literature reviews.
0	PEH are at higher risk for SARS CoV 2 infection and severe illness due to COVID 19 because of a limited ability to physically distance and a higher burden of underlying health conditions. hotel based protective housing intervention to reduce incidence of SARS cov2 infection among PEH in downtown chicago.
1	microRNAs are powerful regulators of gene expression. they are intensely investigated as therapeutic targets up to the clinical stage.
0	this article is a review of the highlights of pertinent literature published during the 12 months of 2020 that are of interest to the congenital cardiac anesthesiologist. the authors considered the following topics noteworthy to be included in this review pediatric cardiac care in the coronavirus disease 2019 era.
0	SARS CoV 2 associated acute disseminated encephalomyelitis a systematic review of the literature. the specific clinical features of ADEM associated with SARS cov 2 have not been previously evaluated.
0	a rapid review investigating the potential impact of a pandemic on the mental health of young people aged 12 25 years was conducted. the objective of this research was to summarise existing evidence on the potential. impact of an infectious disease outbreak. this review found 3 359 papers which was reduced to 12 papers for data extraction. gender coping self reported physical health and adoption of precautionary measures appear to play a role in moderating the psychological impact.
1	this systematic rapid living review shows an increasing evidence on rehabilitation needs due to COVID 19 outbreak during April 2020. the main novelties include 1 the first appearance of epidemiological data on the likely high incidence of neurological complications disabling sequelae in patients hospitalized. a systematic search was performed on PubMed Embase Scopus CINAHL PEDro Web of Science and the main international guideline databases. out of 445 articles retrieved for the time frame 50 were finally included for qualitative analysis.
0	the pandemic has challenged the profession and the academy to adjust modify and adapt It has also stretched the bounds of what had previously been thought possible within the realms of medicine. as the Academy begins to reach and crest the apex of the epidemic it should be reminded of the many lessons associated with the COVID 19 pandemonium. it should also remind the profession of the constant need to challenge the paradigm of what is possible in pharmacy education and practice.
0	review of the literature pertaining to the use of ECT in patients with COVID 19 and NPS was performed through PubMed PsycINFO and MEDLINE search terms. a total of 67 articles were reviewed with 3 selected for inclusion.
0	several vaccine candidates have been developed using different platforms including nucleic acids DNA and RNA viral vectors. several large clinical trials investigating the clinical efficacy and safety of coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 vaccines have produced promising findings. this review provides a status update and discusses issues of concern beyond vaccine effectiveness and safety including dosing regimens the mixed vaccine strategy.
0	the community engaged lab is a model for developmental labs. it uses our own activities during the pandemic as a case study. we formed new community partnerships engaged with child citizen scientists in online research and opened new avenues of virtual programming One year later we see modest but quantifiable impact of this approach.
1	COVID 19 is caused by the SARS CoV 2 virus. abnormal adiposity dysglycemia dyslipidemia and hypertension are the major cardiometabolic drivers. acute kidney injury is common and is associated with poor prognosis especially in the presence of cardiovascular risk factors.
0	children with COVID 19 are more likely to have mild or no symptoms compared with adults and may represent important vectors for transmitting the virus. little is known about the duration of respiratory and gastrointestinal viral shedding in children. a systematic review was conducted to determine the average shedding times.
0	immune checkpoint inhibitor ICI use to treat multiple cancers has increased in oncology but equally has raised the question whether ICI therapy and its side effects is harmful or beneficial during this pandemic. glucocorticoids are the cornerstone for replacement therapy and for treatment and mitigation of adrenal crisis and relief of mass effects in ICI related hypophysitis.
0	the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 pandemic led to an unprecedented demand for health care at a distance and telehealth the delivery of patient care using telecommunications technology became more widespread. the american academy of pediatrics (aap) is continuing its review of pediatric telemedicine in an era of digital disruption.
1	Kawasaki disease is an acute self limiting vasculitis in children Early treatment is necessary to prevent cardiovascular complications. symptoms overlap of multisystem inflammatory disease seen in COVID 19 adds to the difficulties in timely diagnosis and treatment.
1	Acute transverse myelitis with dysautonomia following SARS CoV 2 infection A case report and review of literature. there are only few reported cases of transverse myelitis in COVID 19 patients and only one reported case identifying dysautonomy. the patient responded to intravenous methyl prednisone and bromocriptine. follow up imaging of the spine showed complete resolution of the lesion.
0	glycaemic control has not deteriorated for 25 27 cohorts and improved in 23 27 study groups despite restricted access to diabetes clinics. telemonitoring of glucose metrics has been widely used during the pandemic allowing an exploration of the impact of COVID 19 inside and outside the hospital setting.
0	the effects of the measures against COVID 19 pandemic on physical activity among school aged children and adolescents 6 17 years in 2020 A systematic review. it remains unclear how the closures cancellations and restrictions of schools and courses affect the engagement of school aged. children and teenagers in relation to physical activity. the results will provide a high quality synthesis of current evidence for researchers in this subject area.
1	multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children during the coronavirus disease 2019 in Saudi Arabia. MIS C has a spectrum of clinical and laboratory presentations and the clinicians need to have a high index of suspicion for the diagnosis.
0	adolescents have a very low risk of severe or fatal COVID 19 even among those with comorbidities or rare complications. currently authorised vaccines are very reactogenic and have limited post marketing population level safety data in adolescents and young adults. alternative to two dose vaccination in adolescents may include a single dose or reduced dose schedule as is currently being trialled in younger children.
0	pears have many active compounds e g flavonoids triterpenoids and phenolic acids including arbutin chlorogenic acid malaxinic acid etc. pears seem to be even effective for prevention from covid 19 or PM sub 2 5 sub among high susceptible people with multiple underlying diseases.
0	a cross sectional survey was conducted in china from July 2020 to July 2021 A total of 3027 pregnant and new mothers were recruited. Approximately 17 2 of the participants had depression. participants who perceived that they have increased knowledge to prevent infection were less likely to have depression. there was no association between perceived severity if infected and severity of spread in our sample.
0	the recent COVID 19 pandemic has led to a significant decrease in student patient encounters Simulated patients are being used in many countries to address many of these issues. simulated patients should be used to supplement day to day learning help in transition to attending real patients and also save enormous faculty time.
1	current literature lacks characterization of the post recovery sequelae among COVID 19 patients. this review characterizes the course of clinical laboratory radiological findings during the primary infection period and the complications post recovery.
1	contributes of dopamine related genes and environmental factors to highly sensitive personality a multi step neuronal system level approach. 480 healthy college students were given the. HSP scale and genotyped for 98 representative polymorphisms in all major. dopeamine neurotransmitter genes. two environment factors stressful life events and parental warmth that have been implicated for their contributions to personality development were included.
1	plasma metabolomic profiling of patients recovered from COVID 19 with pulmonary sequelae 3 months after discharge may help to discover therapeutic targets.
1	the coronavirus pandemic raised many questions about how to optimally care for older people. older people are at a higher risk for contracting the disease and for experiencing the severest forms of COVID 19. how can healthcare professionals effectively care for elderly people experiencing long term sequelae of this disease.
1	a detailed understanding of long term SARS CoV 2 specific T cell responses and their relationship to humoral immunity and markers of inflammation is urgently needed. data are also lacking as to whether and how adaptive immune and inflammatory responses differ in individuals that experience persistent symptomatic sequelae months following acute infection compared to those with complete rapid recovery.
1	a significant number of patients with COVID 19 experience prolonged symptoms known as long COVId. few systematic studies have investigated this population particularly in outpatient settings.
0	child psychiatry and psychology have a long history of competition. too often interferes with the collaboration that can characterize complementary contributions to our common missions. hope this article will inspire our disciplines to expand on this collaboration.
0	i Fonsecaea i associated cerebral phaeohyphomycosis in a post COVID 19 patient a first case report. a recently diagnosed diabetic omani lady presented to our hospital 6 weeks after recovery and discharge from hospitalization for moderate COV 19 pneumonia.
1	aimed to describe the course of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 COVID 19 in a population of children enrolled by place of residence from diagnosis to recovery with a long term clinical and serological follow up. identified patients aged 14 years old living in the Turin Health District 3 who had SARS CoV 2 detected in at least one nasopharyngeal swab from 1st march to 1 june 2020.
0	breastfeeding provides the optimum source of nutrients for the neonate and its first strong shield against infection. it also lays the foundation for somatic and psychological bonding between the mother and child. this systematic review reviews the currently available information regarding the transmissibility of SARS CoV 2 through or while breastfeeding and the protection against infection that breast milk might provide.
1	COVID 19 symptoms do not resolve quickly in all patients. why some patients experience persistent symptoms is not clear. long hauler is the term that is associated with these persistent symptoms. this review provides information to nurse practitioners working in primary care about symptoms risk factors and resources for disease management.
1	long COVID is a postviral illness that can affect survivors of COVID 19 regardless of initial disease severity or age. symptoms include fatigue dyspnea gastrointestinal and cardiac problems cognitive impairments myalgia and others. this review proposes perhaps for the first time that persistent brainstem dysfunction may also be involved.
1	Exercise performance in patients with post acute sequelae of SARS CoV 2 infection compared to patients with unexplained dyspnea Dyspnea and exercise intolerance are commonly reported post acute sequelae of SARS CoV 2 infection PASC but routine diagnostic testing is often normal Cardiopulmonary exercise testing CPET offers comprehensive assessment of dyspnea to characterize pulmonary PASC We performed a retrospective cohort study of CPET performed on patients reporting dyspnea and or exercise intolerance following confirmed Covid 19 between August 1 2020 and March 1 2021 and compared them to age and sex matched patients with unexplained dyspnea referred for CPET at the same center in the pre Covid 19 era Compared to matched unexplained dyspnea comparators PASC patients shared similar medical comorbidities and subjective dyspnea at referral mMRC score 1 6 0 9 vs 1 4 0 9 i P i 0 5 Fifteen 83 3 PASC patients underwent high resolution computed tomography of the chest of which half 46 7 were normal and 17 94 4 patients had pulmonary function testing of which the majority 76 5 were normal All patients underwent CPET and 12 67 had normal findings Compared to matched comparators PASC patients had similar peak oxygen consumption oxygen consumption at ventilatory anaerobic threshold and ventilatory efficiency measured by the minute ventilation to carbon dioxide production VE VCO sub 2 sub slope Despite prominent dyspnea physiological abnormalities on CPET were mild across a range of initial Covid 19 severity and similar to matched comparators referred for dyspnea without antecedent SARS CoV 2 The project
0	degenerate CD8 epitopes mapping to structurally constrained regions of the spike protein a T cell based way out from the SARS Cov 2 variants storm. despite dampened immune responses documented for some SARS cov 2 mutations available vaccines appear to maintain an overall satisfactory protective activity against most variants of concern VoC. this may be attributed at least in part to the widely multi specific nature of CD8 T cell responses.
1	Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children and Adolescents MIS C under the Setting of COVID 19 A Review of Clinical Presentation Workup and Management. symptoms mimicking kawasaki disease and. Kawasaki Disease Shock Syndrome Demographically MIS peaks in children aged 5 to 14 years with clusters in. Europe North and Latin America seen later followed by Asia. mainstay of treatment includes the use of intravenous immunoglobulins steroids immune modulators and aspirin.
1	rheumatic and musculoskeletal symptoms in hospitalized COVID 19 survivors at 3 and 6 months.
0	early career researchers are a vulnerable population in the research system. young academies and ECR driven organisations could suggest solutions and actions that could have the potential to mitigate these effects. governments and other scientific organisations can have an impact on strengthening and creating fairer scientific systems for ECRs.
0	q RT PCR is the most sensitive method for diagnosing COVID 19. however the supply of commercial reagents is hindering supply of home made reagens and procedures. these procedures could be easily adopted by routine diagnostic laboratories to implement detection methods.
1	post COVID syndrome refers to symptoms persisting for more than three weeks after the diagnosis of COVD 19. the incidence of post COVID syndrome is estimated at 10 35 while for hospitalized patients it may reach 85 Fatigue is the most common symptom reported in 17 5 72 of postCOVID cases followed by residual dyspnea with an incidence ranging from 10 40 Mental problems chest pain and olfactory and gustatory dysfunction may affect up to 26 22 and 11 of patients respectively.
0	since december 2019 the outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 has spread worldwide. the majority of patients show mild symptoms the disease can rapidly progress in severe cases and develop acute respiratory distress syndrome ARDS. high risk aerosol producing procedures such as endotracheal intubation may put the healthcare workers at a high risk of infection.
0	nasal irrigation or nebulizing aerosol of isotonic or hypertonic saline is a traditional method for respiratory or nasal care. a recent small study in outpatients with COVID 19 without acute respiratory distress syndrome suggests substantial symptom resolution.
0	COVID 19 vaccines have been shown to be safe and effective. however a serious but rare adverse event thrombosis with thombocytopenia syndrome TTS has been reported. TTS usually develops within 2 weeks of the first dose of vaccine on the receipt of the ChAdOx1 nCoV 19 and Ad26 COV2 S vaccines. the exact epidemiological characteristics and possible pathogenesis of this adverse event remain unclear.
1	post COVID recovery characteristics of chronically critically ill patients admitted to a long term acute care hospital. LTAC hospitals are vital in the care of CCI patients but their role for patients post covid 19 infection is not known. patients on average spent over six weeks in the transferring hospital mostly in the ICU are largely elderly carry the known risk factors.
1	COVID 19 survivors discharged from hospital between January 21 2020 and January 11 2021 and healthy controls were included. serum levels of laminin and von willebrand factor were measured 6 months after discharge. the recovery time after infection is currently unknown and long term observations are required.
1	coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 pandemic has progressed a large volume of literature has developed delineating the clinical manifestations of acute infection. reports have also started to describe persistent symptoms extending beyond the period of initial illness or hospitalization.
1	short term and long term rates of persistent postacute sequelae of COVID 19 PASC have not been systematically evaluated. incidence and evolution of PASC are dependent on time from infection organ systems and tissue affected vaccination status variant of the virus and geographic region.
0	systematic reviews of COVID 19 systematic reviews need to be improved an evidence mapping. reporting and methodological quality of systematic reviews should be improved and trends and gaps in the quality clinical topics identified. 243 systematic reviews met the inclusion criteria over 50 of which 128 52 7 were from 14 developing countries with china contributing the most reviews 76 31 3. quality of each review was assessed using the Assessment of Multiple Systematic Reviews 2 AMSTAR 2 checklist and the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and meta analyses PRISMA checklist.
0	mass spectrometry based proteomics and glycoproteomics in COVID 19 biomarkers identification are discussed in this paper. emerging immune escaping mutants of the virus suggested that it may be potentially persistent in human society as a regular health threat as the flu virus.
1	neuro PASC is a multi organ disorder ranging from mild symptoms to an incapacitating state that can last for weeks or longer following recovery from initial infection with SARS CoV 2. recognizing the growing numbers of COVID 19 patients suffering from PASC there is an urgent need to identify affected individuals early to provide the most appropriate and efficient treatments. new emerging neurological manifestations of post acute sequelae of SARS cov 2 infection are emerging.
1	longest reported case of symptomatic COVID 19 reporting positive for over 230 days in an immunocompromised patient in the united states. patients with immunosuppression especially those taking corticosteroids are at increased risk of prolonged viral shedding.
1	post COVID 19 precautions based on lessons learned from past pandemics a review in view of the spread of the contagious coronavirus disease. the literature shows a continuous struggle of humans with disease outbreaks with the most adverse impact of the spanish flu killing 20 50 million people. social distancing compulsory mask wearing avoiding public gatherings and washing hands regularly.
0	lockdown and distance learning during the COVID 19 pandemic are likely to increase the social class achievement gap. teachers developed online academic material while parents taught the exercises and lessons provided by teachers to their children at home. we argue that by making the learning process rely more than ever on families rather than teachers school closures exacerbate social class academic disparities.
0	OM 85 a standardized lysate of human airway bacteria with strong immunomodulating properties and an impeccable safety profile is widely used to prevent recurrent respiratory infections. SARS CoV 2 infects cells through interactions of its spike S protein with ACE2 and TMPRSS2 on host cells Multiple cells and organs are targeted particularly airway epithelial cells.
1	long COVID is the collective term to denote persistence of symptoms in those who have recovered from SARS CoV 2 infection. symptoms include fatigue, cough chest tightness breathlessness palpitations myalgia and difficulty to focus. it could be related to organ damage post viral syndrome post critical care syndrome and others.
1	persistent clinical features in paediatric patients after SARS CoV 2 virological recovery a retrospective population based cohort study from a single centre in Latvia. persistent symptoms have been reported in 9 out of 30 children with COVID 19 after recovery.
0	COVID 19 has become a global priority because the current pandemic has led to societal difficulties threatening the fabric of our lifestyle with increased morbidity and mortality. suicide rates are estimated to increase by anywhere between 1 to 145 globally in response to the pandemie and action needs to be taken. a narrative literature review on high quality evidence sources limited to human studies and publications written in english language only has been used.
0	women make up over one quarter of canadas homeless population. women experiencing homelessness are often hidden i e provisionally housed and have different pathways into homelessness and different needs as compared to men. this research is to identify evidence based interventions and best practices to better support women experiencing or at risk of homelessness.
1	long COVID is a frequent condition in children and adolescents. the scientific community should investigate and explore the pathophysiology.
1	multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children MIS C affects a small percentage of pediatric patients infected with COVID 19. skin findings are often present in these patients and when initially compared with Kawasaki disease they likely represent distinct phenomena.
0	a set of elementary laboratory assays quantifying senescence can be used to support treatment of COVID 19. the study was based on the observational prospective SENIORLABOR study of 1 467 healthy elderly performed since 2009 and similar approaches since 1958. results showed a significant difference in biomarker levels and health status of ageing in the large cohorts under consideration.
1	COVID 19 has been associated with a number of cardiac complications including myocarditis pericardiitis and right ventricular dysfunction. these complications have led to the development and publication of expert consensus documents aimed at providing guidance for the evaluation of athletes. this review seeks to evaluate the current evidence regarding covid 19 associated cardiovascular disease and how multimodality imaging may be useful. emphasis is placed on the unique challenges posed in distinguishing athletic cardiac remodeling from subclinical cardiac disease.
0	cerebral venous thrombosis in the context of COVID 19 vaccinations Evaluation management and scientific questions. Vaccine induced immune mediated thrompocytopenia or VITT is a recent and rare phenomenon. strategies for rapid evaluation and treatment of CVT exist including inflammatory marker measurements PF4 assays and non heparin anticoagulation.
1	a new post COVID 19 functional status (PCFS) scale is recommended in the current covid 19 pandemic. the aim of the study was to assess the PCFS and to evaluate if age gender smoking hospitalization and comorbidities have any effect on functional limitations. eighty percent of recovered cases have diverse degrees of functional restrictions ranging from negligible to severe based on PCFS.
0	study evaluated the ability of a newly developed aerosol barrier to provide maximum protection from aerosol exposure during extubation via an aerosolised particle count and high quality visualisation assessments. used a cough model having parameters similar to humans and used micron oil aerosol as well as titanium dioxide as aerosol tracers.
0	COVID 19 is a pandemic caused by the SARS CoV 2 It was first discovered in china and later spread to the whole world currently inflicting almost 200 countries. the only remedy devised to stop the spread of this virus is self isolation Pakistan is the fifth most populous country in the world 212 2 million and has a record of contagious outbreaks in the past.
1	a large subset of patients with coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 are experiencing symptoms well beyond the claimed 2 week recovery period for mild cases. these long term sequelae have come to be known as long COVId Originating out of a dedicated online support group a team of patients formed the Patient Led Research Collaborative and conducted the first research. the article discusses the history and value of patient centric and patient led research as well as key findings to date.
0	a nationally representative sample of 3 133 adults in the USA stated their intentions to vaccinate themselves and their children for COVID 19. we found that 20 of people in the us intend to decline the vaccine. distrust of vaccine safety and general vaccine avoidance as implied by not having had a flu shot in the last two years are the most important determinants of vaccine hesitancy.
0	COVID 19 and violence against children a review of early studies. review identified 48 recent working papers technical reports and journal articles. most studies have focused on physical or psychological violence at home. studies have relied on administrative records while other data sources such as surveys or big data were less commonly employed.
1	functional neuroimaging using F 18 FDG PET CT in amnestic mild cognitive impairment aMCI is at a higher risk of developing Alzheimers Dementia AD than their cognitively normal peers. decreased glucose metabolism with F 18 fluorodeoxyglucose FDG positron emission tomography PET is a downstream marker of neuronal injury and neurodegeneration. risk of. developing AD is higher in patients with a pattern of AD related glucose metabolic changes.
0	novel coronavirus first discovered in late december 2019 has spread to many countries around the world. discovery and control of asymptomatic patients with COVID 19 are the key issues in future epidemic prevention and recovery.
1	COVID 19 is an infectious disease primarily affecting the lungs its multi organ involvement is responsible for several prolonged symptoms including oral implications. this narrative review aims to provide information on the prolonged covid 19 symptoms in recovered patients and their implications during dental management. additionally this manuscript highlights the oral manifestations of COVId 19 and its management a systematic search was conducted in PubMed Embase Cochrane Library and Web of Science databases.
1	SARS CoV 2 infection depends on the key entry factors angiotensin converting enzyme 2 ACE2 and transmembrane serine protease 2 TMPRSS2. this study analyzed and presented the landscape of cell type identities for ace2 sup su TMprass2 cells across different human tissues.
1	post infectious sequelae of severe viral illness and the post acute complications of intensive care treatments in critically ill patients who have recovered from severe COVID 19 infection are limited. approximately 5 15 of hospitalized patients require intensive care and mechanical ventilation. a substantially higher number need non invasive ventilation and are subject to prolonged hospitalizations with long periods of immobility and isolation.
0	children and families have had to adapt their daily lives during the COVID 19 pandemic. this study aimed to describe changes in the weight related behaviors of children with obesity after the onset of the disease. families were participants in a randomized trial testing a clinic community pediatric obesity treatment model.
1	COVID 19 has been the cause of significant global morbidity and mortality. the disease has been associated with a spectrum of cardiovascular manifestations including myocarditis stress cardiomyopathy and arrhythmia. symptoms span a large breadth of cardiopulmonary and neurologic complaints including fatigue palpitations chest pain breathlessness brain fog and dysautonomia including postural tachycardia syndrome POTS.
0	connectedness self esteem and prosocial behaviors were the most common protective factors to social isolation.
1	long COVID encompasses a plethora of debilitating symptoms including breathlessness chest pain palpitations and orthostatic intolerance which can last for weeks or more following mild illness. we suggest that this condition may be related to a virus or immune mediated disruption of the autonomic nervous system.
1	children with MIS C treated with methylprednisolone pulse therapy and or intravenous immunoglobulin was associated with favorable short term outcomes.
0	this study explores why SM is being used by physicians to cross horizontal physician to physician and stakeholder physician to patient boundaries prior to COVID 19. it also provides insights on the practical SM implications for physician leaders working in the COVId 19 environment to actively enhance their practices. a key reason noted in the literature for physicians use of SM to cross vertical boundaries is to share knowledge Regarding stakeholder boundaries the most cited reasons are to improve patients health and encourage behavioural changes.
1	persistent pulmonary pathology after COVID 19 is associated with high viral load weak antibody response and high levels of matrix metalloproteinase 9. association between pulmonary sequelae and markers of disease severity as well as pro fibrotic mediators was studied in 108 patients 3 months after hospital admission. NOR SOLIDARITY trial investigated the efficacy of remdesivir and hydroxychloroquine HCQ.
1	globally there are now over 160 million confirmed cases of COVID 19 and more than 3 million deaths. patients with long COVId experience a wide range of physical and mental psychological symptoms. symptoms include fatigue shortness of breath muscle pain joint pain headache cough chest pain altered smell altered taste and diarrhoea.
0	thromboprophylaxis in COVID 19 pandemic is associated with a very high incidence of clots The exact mechanisms for this excess risk have not been elucidated. recognition of this risk led to an over explosion of studies which looked at the benefits of anticoagulation to mitigate this risk. this review examines the rationale for thrombophlepphylaxi. in this review we examine the dosing and discuss what may guide the decision making process.
0	Detection of N6 methyladenosine in SARS CoV 2 RNA by methylated RNA immunoprecipitation sequencing MeRIP Seq i N i sup i 6 i sup methylation of adenosine m6A is the most abundant internal mRNA modification and is an important post transcriptional regulator of gene expression Here we describe a protocol for methylated RNA immunoprecipitation sequencing MeRIP Seq to detect and quantify m6A modifications in severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 RNA The protocol is optimized for low viral RNA levels and is readily adaptable for other applications
1	long term symptoms often associated with COVID 19 are an emerging public health concern that is not well understood. CDC used a nonprobability based Internet panel established by Porter Novelli Public Services to administer a survey to a nationwide sample of u s adults aged 18 years.
0	children and adolescents may be more susceptible to mental health impacts related to their vulnerable developmental stage fear of infection home confinement suspension of regular school and extracurricular activities physical distancing mandates and larger scale threats such as global financial recessions. this systematic review sought to identify personal and contextual factors that may enhance risk or confer protection.
0	genetic disorders and congenital abnormalities are present in 2 5 of births all over the world and can cause up to 50 of all early childhood deaths. one such technique is CRISPR that is significant towards optimizing genome editing and therapies metabolic fluxes as well as artificial genetic systems.
1	sensors for the detection of ammonia as a potential biomarker for health screening. presence of the biomarkers can be a result of serious conditions such as chronic kidney disease CKD peptic ulcers and recently COVID 19 Limited liver and kidney function leads to increased blood urea nitrogen BUN within the body resulting in elevated levels. Currently there are no options available for non invasive screening of these conditions continuously and in real time.
0	COVID 19 Pandemic and Water Sanitation and Hygiene Impacts Challenges and Mitigation Strategies. inaccessible WASH services and the pandemic can lead to a devastating problem in low income countries. lack of access to water sanitation and hygiene services in households schools health care facilities and other public spaces were the main identified public health risks.
1	post COVID syndrome (PCS) is the existence of a variety of symptoms with a duration beyond the acute phase of COVD 19. aimed to report a series of patients with PCS attending a Post COVId Unit and offer a comprehensive review on the topic. adult patients with previously confirmed SARS CoV 2 infection and PCS were systematically assessed through a semi structured and validated survey.
1	patients presenting to the post COVID clinic at the university medical center Freiburg suffer from a diverse spectrum of persistent symptoms. most common complaints were persistent fatigue 82 and dyspnea on exertion 61. patients presented to our clinic at least 6 months after onset of acute COVD 19 79 60 had been treated as outpatients and 53 40 as inpatients.
1	estimated 10 of COVID 19 survivors continue to experience symptoms several weeks to months after the appearance of initial symptoms a condition termed post acute sequelae of SARS CoV 2 infection PASC. these patients also called long haulers most commonly report protracted symptoms of fatigue cough dyspnea chest tightness difficulty concentrating arthralgia olfactory dysfunction and headache.
0	the epidemiology clinical course and outcomes of patients with coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 in the Russian population are unknown. data were extracted from the medical records of adult patients who were consecutively admitted to the sechenov university hospital network in Moscow between 8 April and 28 may 2020. of the 4261 patients hospitalized. outcomes were available for 3480 patients median age 56 years interquartile range 45 66. most common comorbidities were hypertension obesity chronic cardiovascular disease and diabetes.
0	COVID 19 associated acute respiratory distress syndrome ARDS survivors have long term consequences in health status exercise capacity and health related quality of life HRQoL.
0	the rapid spread of the coronavirus pandemic led to sudden lock down forcing the elderly and others in the high risk group into isolation. Elective health care services including diagnostics therapeutics and elective surgical services were put on hold leading to delays seriously affecting cancer and non cancer related services. in spite of lessons learnt during the first wave similar issues have persisted during the second wave increasing the pressure on an already fragile infrastructure.
0	a single center prospective observational study was conducted on 57 family clusters of coronavirus disease 2019 including children of neonatal and pediatric age. despite the decrease of immunoglobulin G over time nAbs were found to persist up to 7 to 8 months in children whereas adults recorded a modest declining trend.
0	the number of cases and the death rate among children and adolescents are reported to be low compared to adults limited data have been reported. vaccine development is in progress but any approved and effective vaccine for COVID 19 will take at least 12 to 18 months. WHO the center for disease control and prevention CDC and the food and agriculture organization FAO have issued instructions and strategies.
0	longitudinal changes in physical activity during and after the first national lockdown due to the COVID 19 pandemic in England There is a lack of investigation on longitudinal changes. physical activity growth trajectories are heterogeneous and there are a range of factors associated with them.
0	impact of severe acute respiratory syndrome SARS coronavirus coV 2 infection on pregnancy is still unclear. presence of angiotensin converting enzyme ACE2 in human placentas indicates that this organ can be vulnerable for viral infection during pregnancy.
0	perinatal and neonatal congenital heart disease patients represent a unique population with higher morbidity and mortality compared to other neonate patient groups. parents and families often face a high burden of responsibility after hospital discharge. barriers to pediatric palliative care persist largely due to the perception that PC consultation is indicative of giving up.
0	AABB Clinical Transfusion Medicine Committee CTMC compiles an annual synopsis of the published literature covering important developments in the field of transfusion medicine TM. CTMC committee members reviewed original manuscripts including TM related topics published electronically ahead or in print from December 2019 to December 2020. the selection of topics and manuscripts was discussed at committee meetings and chosen based on relevance and originality.
0	COVID 19 has caused unprecedented hardships in the 21st century with more than 150 million infections Various immunological phenomena have been described during the course of the infection. rheumatological illnesses have also been described following resolution of the acute infection hence we sought to conduct a review of the complications. we found a number of reports of inflammatory arthritis after SARS CoV 2 infection lupus like disease myostis and vasculitis.
0	decline in vaccination coverage in the first months of 2020 as an indirect effect of the COVID 19 pandemic. literature review in medical databases retrieved 143 articles out of which 48 were selected and included in the review. preliminary data from the first 4 months indicate a decline in diphtheria tetanus pertussis coverage generally considered the marker of vaccination coverage across countries.
0	COVID 19 has exacerbated inequalities in society but disability has been neglected. this paper contributes to this knowledge gap by providing a comprehensive analysis of the differential labour market impact by disability in the UK. using data from the labour force survey it estimates disability gaps in pre pandemic risk factors as well as changes in labour market inequality nearly one year on. disabled workers are found to face higher covid 19 related economic and health risks including being more likely to work in shutdown industries.
0	women of childbearing age are largely affected by several autoimmune disorders the estimates range between 1 5 and 10 per 10 000. use of biological agents by women during pregnancy is growing to ensure the disease activity control and avoid adverse health outcomes. but for many newer biological agents the degree of information concerning their use in pregnancy is often incomplete.
1	cognitive behavioural therapy (cbt) is already being offered as an effective treatment for long COVID and post COVD 19 fatigue syndrome. however no study into the efficacy of CBT for post COVId 19 fatigue sydrome has been published. reanalysis of the qure study found that the study suffered from many serious methodological problems including relying on one subjective primary outcome in the non blinded CBT treatment group.
1	multisystem inflammatory disorder in children MIS C most commonly affects young school aged children. MIS is characterized by persistent fever systemic hyperinflammation and multisystem organ dysfunction. severity of MIS may warrant the need for increased awareness and continued COVID 19 mitigation efforts.
1	over 50 million cases of COVID 19 have been confirmed globally as of November 2020. between 8 129 and 28 453 people in Scotland may experience post acute long covid. Currently we do not know how to optimally configure community rehabilitation services for people with long Covid in Scotland.
0	68 year old man with diabetes presented with shortness of breath left sided facial swelling and nasal discharge. had recently returned from india and PCR was positive for SARS CoV 2 delta variant. underwent endoscopic sinus surgery before being transferred to a specialist skull base centre.
1	during the COVID 19 pandemic rates of depressive symptoms are markedly elevated particularly among survivors of infection. we examined whether such symptoms are distinct among those with prior SARS CoV 2 infection or simply a nonspecific reflection of elevated stress.
1	post COVID 19 syndrome is the persistent symptoms at the post viral stage of the disease. a substantial proportion of patients who have suffered from the condition in the past months are reporting symptoms that last for months after recovery. we aimed to assess the current evidence on the long term symptoms.
1	study investigates the experiences of two Indonesian student exchange program awardees who participated for a semester at a Taiwanese university. students reported facing some problems but felt more independent and became more adaptable They met with new people and explored new places and learned much in terms of teaching pedagogy and personal development.
1	post COVID pulmonary fibrosis therapeutic efficacy using with mesenchymal stem cells how the lung heals. COVId 19 is an acute respiratory infectious disease caused by SARS COV 2 Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus. it mainly causes the respiratory complications of acute respiratory distress syndrome ARDS cytokine storm and severe immune disruptions.
1	subjects recovering from COVID 19 frequently experience persistent respiratory ailments. little is known about the underlying biological factors that may direct lung recovery. pulmonary function tests and plasma samples were used for multiplex profiling of inflammatory metabolic angiogenic and fibrotic factors.
1	in the light of missing randomised controlled trials some arguments suggest that pulmonary rehabilitation has beneficial effects beyond natural recovery.
0	as one of the major approaches in confronting COVID 19 pandemics the availability of specific and reliable assays for the SARS CoV 2 viral genome and its proteins is essential. qRT PCR for detection of the viral nucleic acid remains the most valuable in terms of its specificity fast turn around high throughput capacity and reliability. emerging CRISPR Cas based assay for viral genome detection may offer options for prompt and point of care detection.
0	cryoglobulins consist of serum immunoglobulines that precipitate below 37 C and resolubilize upon warming. the most critical factor affecting cryolabulin testing is that the pre analytical phase is not fully completed at 37 C. cryoprecipitation is not a reliable method for determining the concentrations of cryopeptides and immunotyping patterns.
0	covid 19 is a respiratory disease caused by coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2. disease rapidly crossed the barrier of countries continents and spread globally. non pharmaceutical measures such as social distancing face mask frequent hand washing and use of sanitizer remained the best available option.
1	post acute sequelae of SARS cov 2 infection (PASC) is a term used to describe patients who continue to experience symptoms several weeks to months after the appearance of initial symptoms. these patients also called long haulers most commonly report protracted symptoms of fatigue cough dyspnea chest tightness difficulty concentrating arthralgia olfactory dysfunction and headache. age comorbid medical conditions and COVID 19 severity are risk factors young and previously healthy individuals are also at risk.
0	association of blood groups with the severity and outcome of coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 in children.
1	surviving the acute phase of COVID 19 patients could possibly only mean having overcome the first stage of a long and challenging path. however do residual symptoms in patients who have returned to microbiological normalization constitute a post COVId syndrome. it is no novelty that critically ill patients often still sustain functional limitations over a longer period after discharge from hospital in many cases even over many years.
0	mental health among healthcare workers and other vulnerable groups during the COVID 19 pandemic and other coronavirus outbreaks A rapid systematic review. some groups of the population may be more vulnerable to detrimental mental health impacts than others. the aim of this systematic review was to synthesise evidence currently available from systematic reviews.
0	the long term consequences of Corona Virus Disease 2019 patients receiving Chinese herbal medicine treatments in acute phase A protocol for systematic review and meta analysis. Approximately 76 of patients discharged after hospitalization for COVID 19 had neurological manifestations which could persist for 6 months. the quality of studies will be evaluated by the Newcastle Ottawa scale There are no ethical considerations associated with this study protocol for this systematic review.
0	translation of known drivers of COVID 19 disease severity to design better SARS CoV 2 vaccines. vaccines are once again the most important public health policy to combat infectious disease. identifying mechanisms of natural immunity that result in the control of infection and prevent poor clinical outcomes provides an alternative approach.
1	the microvascular hypothesis underlying neurologic manifestations of long COVID 19 and possible therapeutic strategies. the most permeating theory on the genesis of these symptoms builds upon the development of microvascular dysfunction similar to that seen in numerous vascular diseases such as diabetes Several drugs have been identified to act on the neurovascular unit to promote repair such as gliptins and others.
1	multiorgan impairment in low risk individuals with post COVID 19 syndrome a prospective community based study. 201 individuals mean age 45 range 21 71 years 71 female 88 white 32 healthcare workers completed the baseline assessment median of 141 days following SARS CoV 2 infection. study population was at low risk of mortality obesity 20 hypertension 7 type 2 diabetes 2 heart disease 5 with only 19 hospitalised.
1	paediatric patients with suspected long COVID were examined by sup 18 ffd brain PET exam in comparison to their respective age matched control groups. children demonstrated on average 5 months later a similar brain hypometabolic pattern as that found in adult patients with long covid involving bilateral medial temporal lobes brainstem and cerebellum.
1	headache is identified as a common post COVID 19 symptom experienced by COVId 19 survivors. headache as an acute symptom is associated with a higher risk of death. headache is a frequent complication of the acute SARS CoV 2 infection.
0	this article summarizes clinical observations and management strategies in pediatric type 1 diabetes during the 2019 COVID 19 pandemic. it also summarizes the use of telemedicine to provide ongoing care.
1	COVID 19 survivors can experience persistent symptoms after recovering from their initial illness especially among previously hospitalized persons. the majority of symptoms reported were fatigue shortness of breath cough and sleep disorders Mental conditions such as depression and anxiety disorders were also reported.
1	duration of post COVID 19 symptoms is associated with sustained SARS CoV 2 specific immune responses. patients with prolonged symptom duration maintained antigen specific T cell response magnitudes to SARS cov 2 spike protein in CD4 and circulating T follicular helper cell populations during late convalescence.
0	childhood obesity with persistent chronic inflammation is a worldwide epidemic Obesity causes dysregulation throughout the immune system. obesity alters the baseline activation state of immune cells and affecting the ability of the host to combat pathogens and malignancy and respond appropriately to vaccination. mechanistic research in pediatric obesity is limited and this impacts our ability to care for these children.
0	development and optimization of heavy metal lead biosensors in biomedical and environmental applications. the detrimental impact of the lead Pb on human health has been studied for years. in this review article we report on the methods to prevent Pb poison for further Pb toxicological research. our well performed version of met lead 1 44 M1 has achieved a limit of detection of 10 nM 2 ppb 0 2 g dL and almost 5 fold in dynamic range DR.
1	127 patients aged 0 15 years were hospitalized for COVID 19 treatment including 3 severe cases and 124 mild or moderate cases. main therapies included inhalation of aerosolized interferon  122 127 and additional antiviral drugs 28 127 Among the 81 patients who had pneumonia at admission 35 with right lobe pneumonia had the longest hospital stay mean 14 5 7 days.
0	studies have shown that COVID 19 is accompanied by dysbiosis that persists even after successful virus conversion negative PCR. there is indication that pre and probiotics could boost the immune response in both the guts and lungs.
1	SARS CoV 2 is the virus responsible for the COVID 19 pandemic. there are major cardiovascular complications CVCs associated with infection. these occur in part because of dysregulation of the RAAS and KKS.
1	brain imaging before and after COVID 19 in the UK Biobank. there is strong evidence for brain related pathologies in COVD 19 some of which could be a consequence of viral neurotropism. the vast majority of brain imaging studies so far have focused on qualitative gross pathology of moderate to severe cases often carried out on hospitalised patients.
1	MIS A is a severe complication of COVID 19 disease that can lead to death. the most common treatments were intravenous immunoglobulin prednisolone and aspirin.
0	current vaccines depend on adenovirus DNA vectors or on SARS CoV 2 mRNA that might become reverse transcribed into DNA however infrequently. some societies have become sensitized against the potential short or long term side effects of foreign DNA being injected into humans. a review of the fate of foreign. DNA in mammalian human cells and organisms has been presented.
0	physical activity improves immunosurveillance and has the potential to counter COVID 19 infection and symptomatology at three prevention levels. primary prevention level several lines of evidence support that physical activity is an immune system adjuvant in combating infectious diseases. tertiary prevention level can be directed toward improvement in physical fitness quality of life and immune health.
0	remote evaluations of violence against women and girls interventions a rapid scoping review of tools ethics and safety. there is a paucity of evidence on the effectiveness of these interventions. researchers increasingly employ remote data collection (rdc) including online surveys mobile applications and telephone interviews in their evaluations.
0	COVID 19 and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 constitute one of the deadliest pandemics in modern history. this review aims to elucidate the relation between anaphylaxis associated with profound hypotension or hypoxemia with pro inflammatory cytokine release and Kounis syndrome.
1	phenotypes that positively associate with a past positive reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction RT PCR test for COVID 19 were identified in a retrospective electronic health records EHR cohort study. the study participants included over 96 thousand patients who had tested positive or negative for COVD 19 and were not hospitalized.
0	cardiovascular disease is the most described comorbidity in COVID 19 patients and it is related to the disease severity and progression. imaging can support the management assessment and prognostic evaluation of these patients.
1	a large population of survivors with prolonged postinfection symptoms has resulted in the creation of multidisciplinary post COVID 19 clinics to address both persistent symptoms and potential long term complications. multidisciplinary collaboration models leverage lessons learned during the early phases of the pandemic to overcome unique logistical challenges.
1	senolytics and other geroscience interventions may prolong healthspan and alleviate chronic diseases and multimorbidity linked to fundamental aging processes.
1	COVID 19 is associated with a spectrum of neurological disease including cerebrovascular demyelinating and encephalitic presentations. the mechanisms behind these manifestations remain poorly understood significantly hindering their management. this review attempts to address the evolving molecular cellular and systemic mechanisms of NeuroCOVID.
0	fathers are often the first to meet the preterm newborn to find out information about babys condition and to communicate to the mother and other family members. fathers can show psychological difficulties including affective disorders such as depression or anxiety. involving fathers in newborn care in NICU and at home is essential because it promotes the father son attachment relationship and has positive effects on the psychological and somatic development of the newborn.
0	repurposing regulatory agency approved drugs and investigational compounds with known safety profiles can significantly fast track the drug development timeline over i de novo i drug discovery. advantages are vital in any epidemic or pandemic situation where hospital beds are occupied by patients for whom there is no known treatment. key druggable targets explored were those involved in viral entry viral replication and viral induced ARDS as well as viral proteases.
0	favipiravir is under investigation for the treatment of COVID 19 and given to patients in many countries following emergency use approval Currently there is no human data except for a single case report. this article includes the outcomes of 29 pregnancies reported to the clinical pharmacology and toxicology unit.
0	systematic review and meta analysis were conducted to study the prevalence and pattern of sleep disturbances in children and adolescents during the COVID 19 pandemic. pooled estimates for various sleep abnormalities were calculated using a random effect model Of 371 articles screened 16 studies were included Among these five studies were in preschool children two were in children with pre existing neurobehavioral disorders.
0	severe systemic inflammation in COVID 19 patients can lead to dysfunction of multiple organs including the heart. inhibitors of the chromatin reader protein bromodomain containing protein 4 protect cardiomyocytes from COVId associated cytokine storm.
0	6 out of 63 patients were found to have confirmation or high probability of invasive fungal infection. the average period between admission in intensive care and diagnosis of fungal disease was noted to be 10 5 days.
0	since the onset of COVID 19 parallel opportunistic infections have also been emerging as another disease spectrum Among all these mucormycosis has become a matter of concern with its rapid increase of cases with rapid spread. there is no systematic review addressing the issue of covid 19 associated mucositis This is the first systematic review of published studies. the aim was to analyze the real scenario of the disease statement including all the published studies from first November 2019 to 30th June.
0	COVID 19 pandemic and its effects on the health and safety of sex workers in the united states. emerging evidence suggests that sexe workers face unique and profound risks arising from the covid 19 pan demic. findings suggest sext workers need to be educated about the risks and develop strategies to mitigate them.
0	the novel 2019 coronavirus disease COVID 19 pandemic has spread rapidly worldwide and poses a global health threat. this study assessed the prevalence of anxiety and depression symptoms in Chinese students during the covid 19 pan demic and explored potential moderating factors.
1	olfactory dysfunction amongst children and adolescents with coronavirus disease 2019 a systematic review of the literature. despite the rapidly emerging reports involving adult patients cases involving children and teenagers are scarcely reported. the literature review revealed an ocd rate of 49 per cent.
1	COVID 19 survivors report persistent or new symptoms in a subset of patients who have recovered from acute illness. long term sequelae involve all systems with a negative impact on mental health well being and quality of life.
0	the recent global spread of COVID 19 stresses the importance of developing diagnostic testing that is rapid and does not require specialized laboratories.
1	case report and systematic review suggest children may experience similar long term effects to adults after clinical COVID 19. persistent symptoms in adults are emerging and the term long covid is increasingly appearing in the literature. this paper contains a case report of five children and the long term symptoms reported by their parents. it also includes a systematic literature review of the MEDLINE EMBASE and Web of Science databases.
0	6 out of 63 patients were found to have confirmation or high probability of invasive fungal infection. the average period between admission in intensive care and diagnosis of fungal disease was noted to be 10 5 days.
0	rhino orbital mucormycosis related to COVID 19 a case series exploring risk factors.
0	children and adolescents may be more susceptible to mental health impacts related to their vulnerable developmental stage fear of infection home confinement suspension of regular school and extracurricular activities physical distancing mandates and larger scale threats such as global financial recessions. this systematic review sought to identify personal and contextual factors that may enhance risk or confer protection.
0	the community engaged lab is a model for developmental labs. it uses our own activities during the pandemic as a case study. we formed new community partnerships engaged with child citizen scientists in online research and opened new avenues of virtual programming One year later we see modest but quantifiable impact of this approach.
1	short term and long term rates of persistent postacute sequelae of COVID 19 PASC have not been systematically evaluated. incidence and evolution of PASC are dependent on time from infection organ systems and tissue affected vaccination status variant of the virus and geographic region.
0	COVID 19 pandemic has imposed many challenges on paediatric liver transplantation PLT services. it has necessitated several adaptations in different stages of the process to ensure transplant centres can still deliver the proposed services in addition to protecting patients and staff against infection. this review article digs through the current literature to clarify the challenges imposed by SARS CoV2 on PLT centres globally.
1	a systematic review of published case reports and case series in order to increase our understanding of COVID 19 pathophysiology. using PRISMA IPD guidelines 42 articles reporting 198 individual cases were included in our analysis. we identified three main histological patterns epithelial n 110 85.
0	the novel 2019 coronavirus disease COVID 19 pandemic has spread rapidly worldwide and poses a global health threat. this study assessed the prevalence of anxiety and depression symptoms in Chinese students during the covid 19 pan demic and explored potential moderating factors.
0	EBOV causes an extremely contagious viral haemorrhagic fever associated with high mortality. historically children have represented a small number of total cases of EVD in recent outbreaks up to a quarter of cases have been in children. this review of paediatric Ebola virus disease in children poses unique challenges in clinical management and infection prevention and control.
1	compared with control subjects the increase in heart rate was attenuated and recovery delayed after a 6 minute walk test in participants after infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2. alterations have potential to constrain not only exercise tolerance but also participation in free living physical activity in women during post acute recovery from COVID 19.
1	plasma metabolomic profiling of patients recovered from COVID 19 with pulmonary sequelae 3 months after discharge may help to discover therapeutic targets.
0	coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 related stress and work intentions in a sample of us health care workers. between July 1 and december 31 2020 health care worker were surveyed for fear of viral exposure or transmission. intention to reduce hours was highest among nurses 33 7 n 776 physicians 31 4 n 2914 and advanced practice providers APPs 28 9 n 608 while lowest among clerical staff 13 6 n 242 and administrators.
1	post COVID 19 syndrome is the persistent symptoms at the post viral stage of the disease. a substantial proportion of patients who have suffered from the condition in the past months are reporting symptoms that last for months after recovery. we aimed to assess the current evidence on the long term symptoms.
0	systematic reviews of COVID 19 systematic reviews need to be improved an evidence mapping. reporting and methodological quality of systematic reviews should be improved and trends and gaps in the quality clinical topics identified. 243 systematic reviews met the inclusion criteria over 50 of which 128 52 7 were from 14 developing countries with china contributing the most reviews 76 31 3. quality of each review was assessed using the Assessment of Multiple Systematic Reviews 2 AMSTAR 2 checklist and the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and meta analyses PRISMA checklist.
0	social isolation during adolescence may be especially pernicious as it could permanently derail typical neurobiological processes necessary for establishing adaptive adult behaviors. the recent wave of social deprivation resulting from the COVID 19 pandemic especially amongst school aged adolescents is of paramount importance.
1	the invasion and transmission of SARS CoV 2 in the CNS is not clearly defined. mitochondria and mTOR signaling pathways play a critical role in the antiviral immune response and may also be critical for endocytic activity. the mechanisms plausibly account for severe neurologic complications with COVID 19 and potential treatments with fda approved drugs.
0	assessment of tryptophan and kynurenine as prognostic markers in patients with SARS CoV 2 Immune dysregulation and inflammation is associated with a poor clinical outcome.
0	COVID 19 is a contagious disease that may lead to respiratory distress syndrome and even death. neonates and children are most vulnerable population to infection. infection is usually milder and has a better prognosis in pediatric patients compared with adults It remains unclear why pediatric population is less symptomatic than adults Children frequently experience respiratory infections and their immune system is in developing stage. large proportion of the asymptomatic pediatric population may contribute to transmission.
0	remdesivir is the only USFDA approved anti COVID 19 medication indicated in the majority of symptomatic patients with moderate to severe disease Dexamethasone is solely recommended in patients with respiratory distress maintained on oxygen or ventilatory support. three novel monoclonal anti SARS CoV 2 spike protein antibodies bamlanivimab casirivimab and imdevima.
1	olfactory dysfunction amongst children and adolescents with coronavirus disease 2019 a systematic review of the literature. despite the rapidly emerging reports involving adult patients cases involving children and teenagers are scarcely reported. the literature review revealed an ocd rate of 49 per cent.
0	immune responses biochemical changes and inflammatory responses in the human body after infection with the SARS CoV 2 virus. increased amount of inflammatory cytokines chemokines and involvement of complement proteins in inflammatory reaction increase the risk of occurrence of disease. immunomodulation and immunotherapeutics of COVID 19 a pandemic which was originated from Wuhan city of china.
1	Zurich SARS CoV 2 Cohort enrolled 431 adults from the general population with polymerase chain reaction confirmed SARS cov 2 infection reported to health authorities between 27 February 2020 and 05 august 2020 in the canton of Zurich, switzerland. the objective was to assess the prevalence of impaired health status and physical and mental health symptoms among individuals at least six months after infection.
1	Kawasaki disease is an acute self limiting vasculitis in children Early treatment is necessary to prevent cardiovascular complications. symptoms overlap of multisystem inflammatory disease seen in COVID 19 adds to the difficulties in timely diagnosis and treatment.
0	factors associated with COVID 19 preventive health behaviors among the general public in Mexico city and the state of mexico.
0	COVID 19 pandemic has brought many changes to the way that patients with NCDs are managed with telemedicine and ehealth becoming more common. a huge amount of work will be put into initiatives to promote adherence to vaccination programs.
0	TRT Parenting aims to improve parent mental health and their ability to support their childrens mental health. a three arm randomised controlled trial compared enhanced TRT P vs TRT and waitlist control group. children in the enhanced group showed the greatest levels of improvement in behavioural and emotional difficulties compared to the TRT or waitlist groups. caregivers reported significant reductions in depression anxiety and stress.
1	a detailed assessment of kidney outcomes in long COVID is not yet available. we examined risks of AKI eGFR decline ESKD and major adverse kidney events MAKE.
0	social isolation caused by the COVID 19 pandemic has drastically affected lifestyles from sedentary behaviors to reduced physical activity. there was a significant decline in physical and other meaningful activities of daily living. in children collateral effects include inadequate nutrition with a risk of both overweight and underweight addiction to screens. older adults are frequently unable to adapt to lockdown measures and suffer from depression and cognitive complaints.
0	Gaucher disease GD is a prototype rare disease that shares with SARS CoV 2 a disruption of the lysosomal pathway. GD patients acquired COVID 19 at a similar frequency as the general population though experienced a milder overall course. the impact of SARS cov 2 in rare disease populations has been underreported.
0	127 patients aged 0 15 years were hospitalized for COVID 19 treatment including 3 severe cases and 124 mild or moderate cases. main therapies included inhalation of aerosolized interferon  122 127 and additional antiviral drugs 28 127 Among the 81 patients who had pneumonia at admission 35 with right lobe pneumonia had the longest hospital stay mean 14 5 7 days.
1	post infectious sequelae of severe viral illness and the post acute complications of intensive care treatments in critically ill patients who have recovered from severe COVID 19 infection are limited. approximately 5 15 of hospitalized patients require intensive care and mechanical ventilation. a substantially higher number need non invasive ventilation and are subject to prolonged hospitalizations with long periods of immobility and isolation.
1	a significant number of patients with COVID 19 experience prolonged symptoms known as long COVId. few systematic studies have investigated this population particularly in outpatient settings.
1	primary and specialty care clinicians strive to base diagnoses and treatment on specific measurable abnormalities. but those with invisible controversial illnesses such as myalgic encephalomyelitis chronic fatigue syndrome ME CFS often have symptoms not explained by standard laboratory values. in these cases overly physicalist approaches to caring for patients are not likely to be helpful and a clinicians willingness to listen to a patients experience of illness becomes essential.
1	metabolic reprogramming in COVID 19 provides great opportunities for developing novel biomarkers and therapeutic agents for virus infection. study reveals significant changes in metabolism resulting in the perspective that COVId 19 is a metabolic disease.
1	post COVID 19 complications require simultaneous characterisation and management to plan policy and health system responses. a 12 month single centre prospective study in 1325 individuals. demographics symptoms comorbidities investigations treatments functional recovery specialist referral and rehabilitation.
0	COVID 19 is responsible for the 2019 novel coronavirus disease pandemic. acute kidney injury (AKI) is a severe complication in children and adolescents. despite the vast research about the adult population there has been little data collected on pediatric patients admitted to the ICU.
1	post Ebola sequelae among EVD child survivors in Sierra Leone. compared self reported symptoms between EVd child survivors and their close household contacts over one year after the end of the outbreak.
1	COVID 19 is an infectious disease primarily affecting the lungs its multi organ involvement is responsible for several prolonged symptoms including oral implications. this narrative review aims to provide information on the prolonged covid 19 symptoms in recovered patients and their implications during dental management. additionally this manuscript highlights the oral manifestations of COVId 19 and its management a systematic search was conducted in PubMed Embase Cochrane Library and Web of Science databases.
0	investigating the association between mass transit adoption and COVID 19 infections in US metropolitan areas. a 10 increase in weekly train transit usage was associated with an increase in incidence rate of 1 54 95 CI 1 25 1 90 times. increasing weekly bus transit usage in metropolitan statistical areas by one scaled unit was associated. with a 1 3895 CI1 251 90 times increase.
0	probiotics have been investigated as adjuvants in farm conditions and as models to understand their potential in human vaccinations with promising results. however the results for clinical use are still controversial especially in particular settings such as during the last trimester of pregnancy. probiotic administration influences the microbiota composition and acts as a biological response modifier.
1	rheumatic and musculoskeletal symptoms in hospitalized COVID 19 survivors at 3 and 6 months.
1	COVID 19 associated insomnia and insomniac symptoms can become chronic and will continue to preoccupy the sleep medicine community even after the pandemic has ended. prevalence of insomnia symptoms in affected individuals was 36 to 88 which is significantly higher than the estimated 10 to 40 prevalence in the general population. digital therapy as a current treatment option for insomnia can be offered to patients regardless of physical distance. early approval of therapy apps and person led digital therapy options for insomnia would be recommended.
1	sensors for the detection of ammonia as a potential biomarker for health screening. presence of the biomarkers can be a result of serious conditions such as chronic kidney disease CKD peptic ulcers and recently COVID 19 Limited liver and kidney function leads to increased blood urea nitrogen BUN within the body resulting in elevated levels. Currently there are no options available for non invasive screening of these conditions continuously and in real time.
1	post acute sequelae of COVID 19 in a non hospitalized cohort. prevalence of PASC defined as experiencing at least one symptom 30 days or longer and prevalence of individual symptoms.
0	a nationally representative sample of 3 133 adults in the USA stated their intentions to vaccinate themselves and their children for COVID 19. we found that 20 of people in the us intend to decline the vaccine. distrust of vaccine safety and general vaccine avoidance as implied by not having had a flu shot in the last two years are the most important determinants of vaccine hesitancy.
0	longitudinal changes in physical activity during and after the first national lockdown due to the COVID 19 pandemic in England There is a lack of investigation on longitudinal changes. physical activity growth trajectories are heterogeneous and there are a range of factors associated with them.
0	COVID 19 and the blitz compared mental health outcomes in the uk. mental health risks identified as consequences of the pandemic.
0	pandemic trends in the HIV epidemic were highlighted at the 2020 conference on retroviruses and opportunistic infections held virtually. decreasing HIV incidence reported across several countries although key regions remain heavily impacted including the us south. transgender persons and people who inject drugs continue to experience a high burden of new infections. novel strategies to detect and treat these infections are needed Innovative HIV testing strategies including self testing and assisted partner services are expanding the reach of testing.
0	Covid 19 pandemic has greatly affected travel risk and management perceptions. travel risk perception had a significant association with risk management service delivery transportation patterns distribution channels avoidance of overpopulated destinations and hygiene and safety. findings contribute to tourism crises and provides future research insights in the travel and tourism sector.
1	coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 has taken the lives of hundreds of thousands of americans leaving millions of survivors in its wake. the enormous number of people who survived acute illness but continue to have symptoms has highlighted the need for standardized evaluation. this review based on the current literature and our experience aims to guide the care of patients who have survived covid 19.
0	COVID 19 associated acute respiratory distress syndrome ARDS survivors have long term consequences in health status exercise capacity and health related quality of life HRQoL.
1	Infection with COVID 19 has been associated with long term symptoms but the frequency variety and severity of these complications are not well understood. reliable estimates of such morbidity are important for patient care prognosis and development of public health policy.
1	autoantibodies stabilize neutrophil extracellular traps in COVID 19. if detected to elucidate their potential functions and clinical associations.
1	mid term psychiatric outcomes in patients recovered from COVID 19 from an italian cohort of hospitalized patients. patients assessed included both a clinical interview performed by an experienced psychiatrist trained in the use of the mini international neuropsychiatrist interview.
1	COVID 19 is associated with a spectrum of neurological disease including cerebrovascular demyelinating and encephalitic presentations. the mechanisms behind these manifestations remain poorly understood significantly hindering their management. this review attempts to address the evolving molecular cellular and systemic mechanisms of NeuroCOVID.
1	chronic kidney disease patients infected with SARS CoV 2 should be monitored by rehabilitation professionals as the cardiopulmonary musculoskeletal and cognitive systems might be deteriorated. the overall aim of this review is to provide a theoretical basis for early improvements of physical function health to all CKD stages by rehabilitation therapies.
1	during the COVID 19 pandemic rates of depressive symptoms are markedly elevated particularly among survivors of infection. we examined whether such symptoms are distinct among those with prior SARS CoV 2 infection or simply a nonspecific reflection of elevated stress.
0	the SARS CoV 2 virus caused crises in social economic and energy areas and medical life worldwide throughout 2020. the digital and artificial intelligence industry can be used as a professional assistant to manage and control the outbreak of the virus. this article examines the impact of artificial intelligence and digital style on industry and energy post COVID 19 pandemic.
1	etiology of COVID 19 associated cardiac injury remains debated. of six cardiac histopathologic features microthrombi was the most commonly detected n 48 70. enrichment of pro thrombotic anti fibrinolytic extracellular matrix remodeling and immune potentiating signaling amongst cardiac fibroblasts.
1	a large population of survivors with prolonged postinfection symptoms has resulted in the creation of multidisciplinary post COVID 19 clinics to address both persistent symptoms and potential long term complications. multidisciplinary collaboration models leverage lessons learned during the early phases of the pandemic to overcome unique logistical challenges.
0	cryoglobulins consist of serum immunoglobulines that precipitate below 37 C and resolubilize upon warming. the most critical factor affecting cryolabulin testing is that the pre analytical phase is not fully completed at 37 C. cryoprecipitation is not a reliable method for determining the concentrations of cryopeptides and immunotyping patterns.
1	COVID 19 may affect infected people much longer than expected from a typical air borne viral disease. the scientific community is actually wondering about the etiopathogenesis and clinical development of this complex symptomatology very close to symptoms typically observed in chronic fatigue syndrome.
1	long COVID defines a series of chronic symptoms that patients may experience after resolution of acute COVId. ME CFS is a chronic medical illness characterized by a constellation of symptoms.
1	COVID 19 is an emerging global health emergency caused by the novel coronavirus severe acute respiratory syndrome cov 2 SARS CoV 2. patients commonly develop neurological symptoms such as headache altered mental status anosmia and myalgia. neurological side effects associated with COVId 19 treatments were also discussed.
0	Indigenous women are overrepresented among people who use PWU methamphetamine MA due to colonialism and intergenerational trauma. environmental scan of published and grey literature to determine effects of MA use in pregnancy for mothers and their offspring effective interventions and implications for Indigenous women.
1	post COVID syndrome is a term used to describe a group of clinical manifestations that continue beyond the acute phase of the disease. it has been proposed by the scientific committee of the Madrid College of Physicians ICOMEM.
1	burden of PASC defined as the presence of at least one sequela in excess of non infected controls was 73 43 72 10 74 72 per 1000 persons at 6 months. burden of individual sequelae varied by demographic groups age race and sex but were consistently higher in people with poorer baseline health and in those with more severe acute infection. results may be useful in forming health systems capacity planning and care strategies of people with PASC.
1	a significant proportion of individuals experience lingering and debilitating symptoms following acute COVID 19 infection. the prevalence of clinical features and identify potential predictors for acute and chronic post COVId syndrome. a systematic literature search was performed to identify studies detailing characteristics and outcomes related to survivorship. fatigue and dyspnoea were the most prevalent symptoms in acute postCOVID 0 37 and 0 35.
0	a growing body of literature assesses the harmful consequences of public health emergencies PHEs for women and girls. evidence of what works to alleviate such impacts is limited. we reviewed the evidence on gender based interventions implemented in public health. emergencies including disease outbreaks and natural disasters.
0	early career researchers are a vulnerable population in the research system. young academies and ECR driven organisations could suggest solutions and actions that could have the potential to mitigate these effects. governments and other scientific organisations can have an impact on strengthening and creating fairer scientific systems for ECRs.
1	vitamin c might be a suitable treatment option for long COVID fatigue. antioxidant anti inflammatory endothelial restoring and immunomodulatory effects of high dose IV vitamin C on fatigue are discussed. fatigue is common not only in cancer patients but also after viral and other infections Effective treatment options are still very rare.
1	more than 4 million adults survive a stay in the intensive care unit each year with many experiencing new or worsening physical disability mental health problems and or cognitive impairments known as post intensive care syndrome PICS. due to the relatively recent recognition and characterization of PICS there may be limited awareness and understanding among physical therapists practicing in home health care and community based settings. lack of awareness may lead to inappropriate and inadequate rehabilitation service provision.
0	health sector is critical to the well being of any country but developing countries have several obstacles that prevent them from providing adequate health care. management and disposal of medical wastes during and post COVID 19 represent a major challenge in all countries. main problems in developing countries include inefficient treatment procedures limited capacity of healthcare facilities and improper waste disposal procedures. there is a need to determine best disposal techniques given the conditions and limitations under which developing countries operate.
1	COVID 19 cardiac injury Implications for long term surveillance and outcomes in survivors Up to 20 30 of patients hospitalized with coronavirus disease 2019 have evidence of myocardial involvement. there are no data on how acute treatment of covid 19 may affect the convalescent phase or long term cardiac recovery and function. some patients will have subclinical and possibly overt cardiovascular abnormalities Patients with ostensibly recovered cardiac function may still be at risk of cardiomyopathy and cardiac arrhythmias.
0	gentle medicine is a form of medicine in which physicians intervene less than they currently do. gentle medicine was originally formulated by philosopher Jacob stegenga. we advance a series of reform recommendations that could be enacted by medical staff in their everyday practice.
1	COVID 19 is caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 infection. latest estimates suggest that 10 to 20 of the SARS patients who undergo an acute symptomatic phase are experiencing effects of the disease beyond 12 weeks after diagnosis. exercise programs and physical activity levels are well known modulators of the clinical manifestations and prognosis in many chronic diseases.
1	MIS A is a severe complication of COVID 19 disease that can lead to death. the most common treatments were intravenous immunoglobulin prednisolone and aspirin.
1	a significant percentage of COVID 19 cases experience symptom persistence beyond 30 days and go on to develop post acute sequelae. participants reporting use of medications for autoimmune disease were more likely to have experienced symptoms at all time points over a 30 day time period.
1	a proportion of patients with COVID 19 have symptoms past the acute disease phase which may affect quality of life. it is important for clinicians to be aware of this long covid 19 syndrome to better diagnose treat and prevent it.
0	the ongoing pandemic caused by coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 has enforced a shutdown of educative institutions of all levels including high school and university students. this work reviews the use of gamification based teaching during the COVId 19 lockdown through a search in Scopus PsycINFO ERIC and Semantic Scholar databases.
1	hypometabolism of the olfactory rectus gyrus was found on the two patients especially one with 4 week prolonged anosmia.
1	long COVID syndrome refers to long term sequelae of the novel viral disease which occur even in patients with initially mild disease courses. there is still little evidence of the actual organic consequences and their frequency.
1	contributes of dopamine related genes and environmental factors to highly sensitive personality a multi step neuronal system level approach. 480 healthy college students were given the. HSP scale and genotyped for 98 representative polymorphisms in all major. dopeamine neurotransmitter genes. two environment factors stressful life events and parental warmth that have been implicated for their contributions to personality development were included.
1	during the global pandemic of covid 19 the hospital setting transitional care management was challenged by the complexities of the rapidly changing health care environment. this article explores the strategic tactics to ensure effective communication between team members patient and family engagement in discharge planning.
1	functional neuroimaging using F 18 FDG PET CT in amnestic mild cognitive impairment aMCI is at a higher risk of developing Alzheimers Dementia AD than their cognitively normal peers. decreased glucose metabolism with F 18 fluorodeoxyglucose FDG positron emission tomography PET is a downstream marker of neuronal injury and neurodegeneration. risk of. developing AD is higher in patients with a pattern of AD related glucose metabolic changes.
1	aimed to describe the course of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 COVID 19 in a population of children enrolled by place of residence from diagnosis to recovery with a long term clinical and serological follow up. identified patients aged 14 years old living in the Turin Health District 3 who had SARS CoV 2 detected in at least one nasopharyngeal swab from 1st march to 1 june 2020.
0	COVID 19 Pandemic and Water Sanitation and Hygiene Impacts Challenges and Mitigation Strategies. inaccessible WASH services and the pandemic can lead to a devastating problem in low income countries. lack of access to water sanitation and hygiene services in households schools health care facilities and other public spaces were the main identified public health risks.
0	GETAFIX trial will recruit adult patients with confirmed positive valid COVID 19 test who are not pregnant or breastfeeding and have no prior major co morbidities. patients will be recruited from in patients and outpatients from three Glasgow hospitals Royal Alexandra hospital queen Elizabeth university hospital and the Glasgow royal infirmary. primary endpoint will assess the superiority of favipiravir plus standard treatment compared to standard treatment alone.
0	SARS CoV 2 Nucleocapsid protein attenuates stress granules and interacts with mRNAs to impair host stress response Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 nucleocapsid N protein is essential for viral replication making it a promising target for antiviral drug and vaccine development SARS CoV 2 infected patients exhibit an uncoordinated immune response however the underlying mechanistic details of this imbalance remain obscure Here starting from a functional proteomics workflow we catalogued the protein protein interactions of SARS CoV 2 proteins including an evolutionarily conserved specific interaction of N with the stress granule resident proteins G3BP1 and G3BP2 N localizes to stress granules and sequesters G3BPs away from their typical interaction partners thus attenuating stress granule formation We found that N binds directly to host mRNAs in cells with a preference for 3 UTRs and modulates target mRNA stability We show that the N protein rewires the G3BP1 mRNA binding profile and suppresses the physiological stress response of host cells which may explain the imbalanced immune response observed in SARS CoV 2 infected patients
1	cough is one of the most common presenting symptoms of COVID 19 along with fever and loss of taste and smell. cough can persist for weeks or months after SARS CoV 2 infection often accompanied by chronic fatigue cognitive impairment dyspnoea or pain. we hypothesize that the pathways of neurotropism neuroinflammation and neuroimmunomodulation through the vagal sensory nerves lead to a cough hypersensitivity state.
0	i Fonsecaea i associated cerebral phaeohyphomycosis in a post COVID 19 patient a first case report. a recently diagnosed diabetic omani lady presented to our hospital 6 weeks after recovery and discharge from hospitalization for moderate COV 19 pneumonia.
0	a rapid review investigating the potential impact of a pandemic on the mental health of young people aged 12 25 years was conducted. the objective of this research was to summarise existing evidence on the potential. impact of an infectious disease outbreak. this review found 3 359 papers which was reduced to 12 papers for data extraction. gender coping self reported physical health and adoption of precautionary measures appear to play a role in moderating the psychological impact.
0	this review summarizes current knowledge regarding the mechanisms of immune response against severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 infection and clinical manifestations. it focuses on children and patients presenting with congenital or acquired immune deficiency. specific immune defects may either serve as an experimentum naturae entailing this risk or may not be relevant enough to impact the host defense against the virus. findings may help unveil pathogenetic mechanisms of the infection and suggest new therapeutic strategies.
1	multiorgan impairment in low risk individuals with post COVID 19 syndrome a prospective community based study. 201 individuals mean age 45 range 21 71 years 71 female 88 white 32 healthcare workers completed the baseline assessment median of 141 days following SARS CoV 2 infection. study population was at low risk of mortality obesity 20 hypertension 7 type 2 diabetes 2 heart disease 5 with only 19 hospitalised.
1	exercise hyperventilation may be a major limiting factor in COVID 19 survivors. exercise intolerance may be related to an abnormality of ventilatory control by either hyperactivity of activator systems or failure of inhibitory systems endorphins in the aftermath of pulmonary infection.
1	long term post acute pulmonary sequelae of COVID 19 remain unknown. fibrosis like changes and ground glass opacities were seen in 85 of 118 72 patients at follow up chest CT examination.
1	a large subset of patients with coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 are experiencing symptoms well beyond the claimed 2 week recovery period for mild cases. these long term sequelae have come to be known as long COVId Originating out of a dedicated online support group a team of patients formed the Patient Led Research Collaborative and conducted the first research. the article discusses the history and value of patient centric and patient led research as well as key findings to date.
0	neurologists must be alert to the occurrence of multifocal neurological symptoms with or without encephalopathy in patients recovered from COVID 19. time to diagnosis clinical imaging and laboratory features response to treatment regimens and differences regarding severity.
0	pediatric bronchoscopy recent advances and clinical challenges. includes single use bronchioscopes endobronchial ultrasound and cryoprobe. indications include balloon dilatation endoscopic intubation and whole lung lavage closing of fistulas and air leak as well as the use of laser and microdebrider in airway surgery.
1	long term consequences of COVID 19 infection will be a major health care focus for years after the contagion subsides. most complications stem from direct viral invasion provoking an over exuberant inflammatory response driven by innate immune cells and activation of the clotting cascade causing thrombosis Injury to individual organs and their protective linings are frequent presentations. the pandemic is also an unprecedented sociocultural event transforming how people consider their health gather in groups and navigate their daily lives.
1	this systematic rapid living review shows an increasing evidence on rehabilitation needs due to COVID 19 outbreak during April 2020. the main novelties include 1 the first appearance of epidemiological data on the likely high incidence of neurological complications disabling sequelae in patients hospitalized. a systematic search was performed on PubMed Embase Scopus CINAHL PEDro Web of Science and the main international guideline databases. out of 445 articles retrieved for the time frame 50 were finally included for qualitative analysis.
1	persistent pulmonary pathology after COVID 19 is associated with high viral load weak antibody response and high levels of matrix metalloproteinase 9. association between pulmonary sequelae and markers of disease severity as well as pro fibrotic mediators was studied in 108 patients 3 months after hospital admission. NOR SOLIDARITY trial investigated the efficacy of remdesivir and hydroxychloroquine HCQ.
1	multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children (MIS C) is a rare but potentially severe condition seen in children with evidence of COVID 19 approximately 2 to 6 weeks before symptom onset. children with MIS C usually require hospitalization the outcomes are largely favourable with prompt recognition and intense therapy.
0	SARS CoV 2 can modulate the host immune system to favor viral adaptation and persistence within the host. the virus can counteract type I interferon IFN I production attenuating IFN 1 signaling pathway activation and disrupting antigen presentation. in addition SARS cov 2 can enhance apoptosis and the production of inflammatory mediators which ultimately results in increased disease severity.
0	the number of cases and the death rate among children and adolescents are reported to be low compared to adults limited data have been reported. vaccine development is in progress but any approved and effective vaccine for COVID 19 will take at least 12 to 18 months. WHO the center for disease control and prevention CDC and the food and agriculture organization FAO have issued instructions and strategies.
0	mental health problems in Indonesian internship doctors during the COVID 19 pandemic era All new graduate medical doctors in Indonesia will work in government healthcare facilities for one year as internship doctors. problems such as the shortage of PPE no specific treatment guidelines and inadequate support from authorities contributed.
0	a cross sectional survey was conducted in china from July 2020 to July 2021 A total of 3027 pregnant and new mothers were recruited. Approximately 17 2 of the participants had depression. participants who perceived that they have increased knowledge to prevent infection were less likely to have depression. there was no association between perceived severity if infected and severity of spread in our sample.
1	pediatric inflammatory multisystem syndrome temporally related with COVID 19 is now known as PIMS TS 1 or Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children MIS C 2. signs and symptoms are largely overlapping with the for Kawasaki disease KD and toxic shock syndrome TSS.
1	a 2 wave web based follow up study was conducted in members of online long COVID peer support groups with a confirmed diagnosis approximately 3 and 6 months after the onset of infectious symptoms. the aim of the study was to assess the severity of fatigue over time and assess whether members of these groups experienced mental fatigue physical fatigue or both.
0	COVID 19 pandemic triggered an unprecedented global effort in developing rapid and inexpensive diagnostic and prognostic tools. detection of viral RNA by RT qPCR has played the most significant role in preventing the spread of the virus. metabolomics approaches that rely on the analysis of volatile organic compounds exhaled by patients hold promise for applications in a large scale screening of population in point of care setting.
0	Detection of N6 methyladenosine in SARS CoV 2 RNA by methylated RNA immunoprecipitation sequencing MeRIP Seq i N i sup i 6 i sup methylation of adenosine m6A is the most abundant internal mRNA modification and is an important post transcriptional regulator of gene expression Here we describe a protocol for methylated RNA immunoprecipitation sequencing MeRIP Seq to detect and quantify m6A modifications in severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 RNA The protocol is optimized for low viral RNA levels and is readily adaptable for other applications
0	long term non invasive ventilation (LT NIV) is usually delivered during sleep it can also be delivered 24 h a day in selected patients. it is indicated for respiratory disorders responsible for chronic alveolar hypoventilation with the aim to increase life expectancy and maximize quality of life.
1	the microvascular hypothesis underlying neurologic manifestations of long COVID 19 and possible therapeutic strategies. the most permeating theory on the genesis of these symptoms builds upon the development of microvascular dysfunction similar to that seen in numerous vascular diseases such as diabetes Several drugs have been identified to act on the neurovascular unit to promote repair such as gliptins and others.
0	CVST and cerebral venous sinus thrombosis post COVID 19 vaccination a systematic review. common reported adverse effects of vaccine consist of the injection sites local reaction followed by several non specific flu like symptoms. rare cases of CVST after viral vector vaccines ChAdOx1 nCoV 19 vaccine Ad26 COV2 vaccine have been reported.
0	the COVID 19 pandemic and the ensuing socioeconomic crisis has impeded progress towards the UN Sustainable Development Goals UN SDGs. this paper provides insight into how green recovery stimulus driven by circular economy CE based solid waste management SWM could assist in attaining the intended targets of the SDG. policy technology and public involvement issues may hinder the shift to the circular economy model.
1	neurological symptoms signs and diagnoses have been documented in an increasing number of patients infected by the severe acute respiratory syndrome Coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 which causes Coronavirus Disease 2019 COVID 19. neurological manifestations symptoms signs or diagnoses both at the onset or during SARS cov 2 infection is associated with a more severe disease as demonstrated by a longer hospital stay higher in hospital death rate or the continued presence of sequelae at discharge.
1	in the light of missing randomised controlled trials some arguments suggest that pulmonary rehabilitation has beneficial effects beyond natural recovery.
1	HRV is a useful tool for the assessment of cardiac sympathetic and parasympathetic balance. altered cardiac autonomic function after recovery from COVID 19.
0	since the onset of COVID 19 parallel opportunistic infections have also been emerging as another disease spectrum Among all these mucormycosis has become a matter of concern with its rapid increase of cases with rapid spread. there is no systematic review addressing the issue of covid 19 associated mucositis This is the first systematic review of published studies. the aim was to analyze the real scenario of the disease statement including all the published studies from first November 2019 to 30th June.
0	antimicrobial resistant bacteria present one of the biggest threats to public health. resistant bacteria have been demonstrated to be transmittable to humans in many different environments including public settings in urban built environments. there is very little surveillance of AMR in the built environment outside of healthcare settings and wastewater.
1	cognitive COVID is an informal term coined to interchangeably refer to acute changes in cognition during COVId 19 and or cognitive sequelae with various deficits following the infection. neurotropism is associated with various mechanisms including retrograde neuronal transmission via olfactory pathway a general pro inflammatory state and the pandemics unique psychosocial impact has raised alarm due to its possible effect on cognition.
1	long COVID is characterised by debilitating symptoms including extreme fatigue shortness of breath insomnia heart palpitations and prolonged high temperature. one in ten people in the uk suffering from long covid there will undoubtedly be a considerable impact on dentistry.
0	as of July 2021 over 3 billion doses of a COVID 19 vaccines have been administered globally. there are now 19 COVId 19 vaccine vaccines approved for use in at least one country. the global vaccination effort has been challenged by inequitable distribution of vaccines predominantly to high income countries.
0	COVID 19 is caused by SARS CoV 2 a novel coronavirus that emerged in china in December 2019 and was declared a global pandemic by world health organization by march 11th 2020. severe manifestations are caused by a combination of direct tissue injury by viral replication and associated cytokine storm resulting in progressive organ damage. we reviewed published literature between January 1st 2000 and June 30th 2020 with a focus on virus host interactions and immunological mechanisms.
1	non persistent viruses classically cause transient acute infections triggering immune responses aimed at the elimination of the pathogen. symptoms during the acute phase are often linked to dysregulated immune responses that disappear once the patient recovers. conditions resulting from previous transient infection are termed post acute sequelae PAS.
0	systematic review and meta analysis were conducted to study the prevalence and pattern of sleep disturbances in children and adolescents during the COVID 19 pandemic. pooled estimates for various sleep abnormalities were calculated using a random effect model Of 371 articles screened 16 studies were included Among these five studies were in preschool children two were in children with pre existing neurobehavioral disorders.
1	central serous chorioretinopathy and the steroids Corona virus disease COVID 19 pandemic can cause myriad of ocular manifestations. a 42 year old female from india presented to us with unilateral blurring in the right eye OD 12 days after covid 19 infection. she was on antibiotics with injection heparin remdesivir during her 7 day stay at the hospital She was also on steroid inhalers.
1	post COVID 19 precautions based on lessons learned from past pandemics a review in view of the spread of the contagious coronavirus disease. the literature shows a continuous struggle of humans with disease outbreaks with the most adverse impact of the spanish flu killing 20 50 million people. social distancing compulsory mask wearing avoiding public gatherings and washing hands regularly.
1	long COVID is a frequent condition in children and adolescents. the scientific community should investigate and explore the pathophysiology.
1	COVID 19 is a global pandemic infectious disease that spread throughout the world causing a major public health emergency. the virus that causes the disease called SARS CoV 2 can infect all age groups. despite the fact that infected children generally appear to be asymptomatic or have only mild symptoms the disease may involve a wide spectrum of clinical manifestations.
0	coronavirus disease COVID 19 outbreak reported in china in december 2019 has spread throughout the world The WHO declared it as a pandemic in march 2020.
1	long COVID and the fire rages on. with the increasing cohort of COVId 19 survivors worldwide we now realize the proportionate rise in post-covid 19 syndrome. this would help clinicians to identify and manage this condition more efficiently.
1	COVID 19 associated hospitalizations and deaths have occurred more frequently in adults but severe outcomes can also occur in children and adolescents 1 2. schools are opening for in person learning and many prekindergarten children are returning to early care and education programs during a time when the number of cases caused by the highly transmissible B 1 617 2 delta variant of SARS CoV 2 is increasing. the cumulative incidence of COVD 19. associated hospitalisations was 49 7 per 100 000 children.
1	PACS includes the subacute symptomatic phase 4 12 weeks after acute COVID 19 as well as the subsequent chronic post COVD 19 period. PACS is associated with various general symptoms and organ pulmonary cardiovascular neuropsychiatric dermatological renal manifestations.
0	Whether the current COVID 19 pandemic negatively impacts cardiovascular health is unclear. the aim of the rapid review was to investigate whether COVId 19 lockdown influences modifiable cardiovascular risk factors i e physical inactivity sedentary behaviour smoking alcohol use unhealthy diet obesity bad blood lipids and hypertension. only studies using probability sampling were included in order to ensure the representativeness of the target population.
0	studies have shown that COVID 19 is accompanied by dysbiosis that persists even after successful virus conversion negative PCR. there is indication that pre and probiotics could boost the immune response in both the guts and lungs.
1	ACE2 cleaves angiotensin II Ang II resulting in decreased activation of the AT1 receptor and decreased immune system activation. autoantibodies against ace2 may develop after SARS CoV 2 infection as anti idiotypic antibodies to anti spike protein antibodies.
0	the current study explored the effectiveness of a parent supported adaptation of the computer game based social skills program secret agent society SAS. 70 child parent dyads were randomized to SAS n 35 or a caregiver supported cognitive skills training game CIA control comparison. both completed over 10 weeks Child participants were on the autism spectrum and aged seven to 12 years 60 boys 10 girls SAS participants improved more than CIA participants on parent rated social skills and problem behaviors.
0	this article provides an update of recent practice trends in neuraxial labor analgesia. it reviews available evidence regarding management of labor pain in obstetric patients with COVID 19 serious adverse events. state of the art modes of epidural drug delivery are also discussed.
0	helmets can be used to deliver noninvasive ventilatory support both as continuous positive airway pressure and noninvasive positive pressure ventilation NPPV. technical aspects include how to prevent CO sub 2 sub rebreathing and improve patient ventilator synchrony. clinical studies describe the application of helmets in cardiogenic pulmonary oedema pneumonia COVID 19 postextubation and immune suppression.
1	small fiber neuropathy (sfn) is associated with SARS CoV 2 infection. small fibers are thought to be involved in the development of paresthesias and numbness that develop during or after SARS cov 2 infection. skin biopsy confirmed SFN in six all of whom showed both neuropathy symptoms and signs and two also showed autonomic dysfunction.
0	COVID 19 is an infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2. the virus is transmitted through respiratory droplets and by physical contact from contaminated surfaces to the mucosa. paediatric dental treatment is suspended in many countries because of the increased risk of cross infection in dental practices.
0	a cross sectional study of 29 published cases of acute myopericarditis following COVID 19 mRNA vaccination. the most common presentation was chest pain within 1 5 days after the second dose of mrna COVId 19 vaccination All patients had an elevated troponin. magnetic resonance imaging revealed late gadolinium enhancement consistent with myocardiitis in 69 of cases.
0	lung ventilation studies were halted due to concern regarding spread of contaminated secretions into the ambient air. a number of variant protocols emerged in the medical literature which minimized or eliminated the ventilation component due to the persistent need to provide this critical diagnostic service without compromising the safety of staff and patients. some of these interim remedies may gain traction and earn a more permanent place in the ongoing practice of nuclear medicine.
0	COVID 19 pandemic has amplified health and social inequities for refugees asylum seekers undocumented migrants transient migrant workers and other newcomers. clinicians working in a range of primary care clinical settings are being guided on how to provide effective care and support.
0	the coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 pandemic led to an unprecedented demand for health care at a distance and telehealth the delivery of patient care using telecommunications technology became more widespread. the american academy of pediatrics (aap) is continuing its review of pediatric telemedicine in an era of digital disruption.
0	COVID 19 is a pandemic caused by the SARS CoV 2 It was first discovered in china and later spread to the whole world currently inflicting almost 200 countries. the only remedy devised to stop the spread of this virus is self isolation Pakistan is the fifth most populous country in the world 212 2 million and has a record of contagious outbreaks in the past.
1	neuro PASC is a multi organ disorder ranging from mild symptoms to an incapacitating state that can last for weeks or longer following recovery from initial infection with SARS CoV 2. recognizing the growing numbers of COVID 19 patients suffering from PASC there is an urgent need to identify affected individuals early to provide the most appropriate and efficient treatments. new emerging neurological manifestations of post acute sequelae of SARS cov 2 infection are emerging.
1	MIS C is a newly defined clinical entity in pediatric ages resembles kawasaki disease or toxic shock syndrome. glucocorticoids has critical role in reducing fever and inflammatory markers.
1	long term clinical follow up of patients suffering from moderate to severe COVID 19 infection a monocentric prospective observational cohort study. patients admitted to the university hospital of liège with moderate to severely confirmed COVId 19 discharged between 2 March and 1 October 2020 were recruited prospectively. follow up at 3 and 6 months after hospital discharge included demographic and clinical data biological data pulmonary function tests and high resolution computed tomography CT scans of the chest.
1	COVID 19 has been the cause of significant global morbidity and mortality. the disease has been associated with a spectrum of cardiovascular manifestations including myocarditis stress cardiomyopathy and arrhythmia. symptoms span a large breadth of cardiopulmonary and neurologic complaints including fatigue palpitations chest pain breathlessness brain fog and dysautonomia including postural tachycardia syndrome POTS.
1	Multisystem Inflammatory Syndrome in Children and Adolescents MIS C under the Setting of COVID 19 A Review of Clinical Presentation Workup and Management. symptoms mimicking kawasaki disease and. Kawasaki Disease Shock Syndrome Demographically MIS peaks in children aged 5 to 14 years with clusters in. Europe North and Latin America seen later followed by Asia. mainstay of treatment includes the use of intravenous immunoglobulins steroids immune modulators and aspirin.
1	COVID 19 is now recognized as a multi organ disease with a broad spectrum of manifestations. patient advocacy groups have helped contribute to the recognition of post acute COVD 19 a syndrome characterized by persistent symptoms and or delayed or long term complications beyond 4 weeks from the onset of symptoms.
1	post COVID 19 syndrome is defined as a persistent and protracted illness. condition continues for more than 12 weeks and cannot be attributed to other clinical situations. researchers and clinicians are allied in unraveling the molecular pathogenetic mechanisms and the clinical development of this unexpected SARS CoV 2 infectious evolution.
0	COVID 19 vaccines have been shown to be safe and effective. however a serious but rare adverse event thrombosis with thombocytopenia syndrome TTS has been reported. TTS usually develops within 2 weeks of the first dose of vaccine on the receipt of the ChAdOx1 nCoV 19 and Ad26 COV2 S vaccines. the exact epidemiological characteristics and possible pathogenesis of this adverse event remain unclear.
1	long COVID 19 symptoms the so called long covid are rising. little is known about prevalence risk factors or whether it is possible to predict a protracted course early in the disease.
1	post COVID recovery characteristics of chronically critically ill patients admitted to a long term acute care hospital. LTAC hospitals are vital in the care of CCI patients but their role for patients post covid 19 infection is not known. patients on average spent over six weeks in the transferring hospital mostly in the ICU are largely elderly carry the known risk factors.
1	postacute sequelae of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 infection (PASC) affect between 33 and 98 of coronaviral disease 2019 survivors. symptoms include pulmonary cardiovascular neurologic psychiatric gastrointestinal renal endocrine and musculoskeletal systems. disproportionate impact on racial ethnic minorities older patients patients with preexisting conditions and rural residents.
1	long COVID is the collective term to denote persistence of symptoms in those who have recovered from SARS CoV 2 infection. symptoms include fatigue, cough chest tightness breathlessness palpitations myalgia and difficulty to focus. it could be related to organ damage post viral syndrome post critical care syndrome and others.
1	post COVID pulmonary fibrosis therapeutic efficacy using with mesenchymal stem cells how the lung heals. COVId 19 is an acute respiratory infectious disease caused by SARS COV 2 Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus. it mainly causes the respiratory complications of acute respiratory distress syndrome ARDS cytokine storm and severe immune disruptions.
0	virus rhinovirus and adenovirus frequently cause viral pneumonia an important cause of morbidity and mortality especially in the extreme ages of life. rate of diagnosis of viral pneumonia is approaching 60 among children identified as having community acquired pneumonia CAP Clinical presentation ranges from mild to severe pneumonitis complicated by respiratory failure in severe cases.
1	Vaccination boosts protective responses and counters SARS CoV 2 induced pathogenic memory B cells.
1	Impact of HIV Infection on COVID 19 Outcomes Among Hospitalized Adults in the U S Whether HIV infection is associated with differences in clinical outcomes among people hospitalized with COVID 19 is uncertain To evaluate the impact of HIV infection on COVID 19 outcomes among hospitalized patients Using the American Heart Associations COVID 19 Cardiovascular Disease registry we used hierarchical mixed effects models to assess the association of HIV with in hospital mortality accounting for patient demographics and comorbidities and clustering by hospital Secondary outcomes included major adverse cardiac events MACE severity of illness and length of stay LOS The registry included 21 528 hospitalization records of people with confirmed COVID 19 from 107 hospitals in 2020 including 220 people living with HIV PLWH PLWH were younger 56 0 13 0 versus 61 3 17 9 years old and more likely to be male 72 3 vs 52 7 Non Hispanic Black 51 4 vs 25 4 on Medicaid 44 5 vs 24 5 and active tobacco users 12 7 versus 6 5 Of the study population 36 PLWH 16 4 had in hospital mortality compared with 3 290 15 4 without HIV Risk ratio 1 06 95 CI 0 79 1 43 risk difference 0 9 95 CI 4 2 to 6 1 p 0 71 After adjustment for age sex race and insurance HIV was not associated with in hospital mortality aOR 1 13 95 CI 0 77 1 6 p 0 54 even after adding body mass index and comorbidities aOR 1 15
0	undergraduate medical education has been affected by the COVID 19 pandemic a systematic review. the study aims to provide medical educators with insights into the current status and prospects of medical education.
0	adolescents have a very low risk of severe or fatal COVID 19 even among those with comorbidities or rare complications. currently authorised vaccines are very reactogenic and have limited post marketing population level safety data in adolescents and young adults. alternative to two dose vaccination in adolescents may include a single dose or reduced dose schedule as is currently being trialled in younger children.
1	the COVID 19 pandemic is the greatest global test of health leadership of our generation. there is an urgent need to provide guidance for leaders at all levels during the unprecedented preresolution recovery stage. the 10 imperatives in the framework are acknowledge staff and celebrate successes 2 provide support for staff well being 3 prepare for future emergencies personnel resources protocols contingency plans coalitions and training 5 reassess priorities explicitly and regularly and provide purpose meaning and direction 6 maximize team organizational and system performance and discuss enhancements.
1	long COVID encompasses a plethora of debilitating symptoms including breathlessness chest pain palpitations and orthostatic intolerance which can last for weeks or more following mild illness. we suggest that this condition may be related to a virus or immune mediated disruption of the autonomic nervous system.
1	this paper highlights the presence of tachycardia in post acute COVID 19 syndrome by introducing a new label for this phenomenon. we also discuss epidemiology putative mechanisms treatment options and future research directions in this novel clinical syndrome.
1	clinical features of pediatric post acute COVID 19 a descriptive retrospective follow up study.
1	authors used cardiopulmonary exercise testing CPET to define unexplained dyspnea in patients with post acute sequelae of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2 infection PASC. authors assessed participants for criteria to diagnose myalgic encephalomyelitis chronic fatigue syndrome ME CFS Approximately 20 of patients who recover from COVID remain symptomatic This syndrome is named PASC Its etiology is unclear.
0	association of blood groups with the severity and outcome of coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 in children.
0	SARS CoV 2 emerged in December 2019 as the causative agent of Coronavirus 2019 COVID 19 and was declared a pandemic by the world health organization in march 2020. it has several distinctive features including extensive multiorgan involvement with a robust systemic inflammatory response significant associated morbidity and mortality and prolonged persistence of viral RNA in the clinical specimens of infected individuals.
0	influenza vaccine efficacy for 2019 2020 season was comparable to prior season and influenza vaccine recommendations for pediatric immunizations remain similar to prior years. influenza treatments continue to include neuraminidase inhibitors as well as baloxavir for treatment and in some instances prophylaxis. the potential impact of the COVID 19 pandemic on influenza is not fully known in the southern hemisphere influenza infection rates appear to be very low.
1	episodic long term memory deficits are frequent in COVID 19 recovered patients and negatively impact on prognosis and outcome. little is known about their semiology and prevalence also being still debated whether they arise from primary amnesic features or are secondary to dysexecutive inattentive processes and disease related premorbid status.
0	q RT PCR is the most sensitive method for diagnosing COVID 19. however the supply of commercial reagents is hindering supply of home made reagens and procedures. these procedures could be easily adopted by routine diagnostic laboratories to implement detection methods.
1	pediatric multisystem inflammation syndrome was observed in multiple countries recently and this syndrome was suspected to be associated with COVID 19. there is still no standardized diagnostic criteria and treatment regimen for PMIS while the etiology and pathogenesis still remain unclear. our study documented three common types of PMIS clinical presentation persistent fever and gastrointestinal symptoms shocked with heart dysfunction and kawasaki disease like syndrome.
0	the COVID 19 pandemic examines the state of actual health care and fundamental medicine in various countries. SI is a specific type of general pathological process known as systemic inflammation. the role of hypoxia metabolic dysfunction scavenger receptors and pattern recognition receptors as well as the processes of the hemophagocytic syndrome in the systemic alteration and development of SI.
1	multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children MIS C has been detected primarily in Europe and the united states. the incidence of this syndrome appears to mirror the initial infectious assault with a delay of several weeks. MIS is characterized by prolonged fever skin eruptions neck stiffness and gastrointestinal manifestations with pronounced abdominal pain.
1	long COVID syndrome is characterised by the persistence of neurological psychological and physiological symptoms. the aim of the present study was to investigate the prevalence of physical psychological and sleep disturbances and the quality of life in the general population during the ongoing pandemic.
1	fibromyalgia a new facet of the post COVID 19 syndrome spectrum Results from a web based survey.
0	novel coronavirus first discovered in late december 2019 has spread to many countries around the world. discovery and control of asymptomatic patients with COVID 19 are the key issues in future epidemic prevention and recovery.
1	127 patients aged 0 15 years were hospitalized for COVID 19 treatment including 3 severe cases and 124 mild or moderate cases. main therapies included inhalation of aerosolized interferon  122 127 and additional antiviral drugs 28 127 Among the 81 patients who had pneumonia at admission 35 with right lobe pneumonia had the longest hospital stay mean 14 5 7 days.
0	children and families have had to adapt their daily lives during the COVID 19 pandemic. this study aimed to describe changes in the weight related behaviors of children with obesity after the onset of the disease. families were participants in a randomized trial testing a clinic community pediatric obesity treatment model.
0	this article summarizes clinical observations and management strategies in pediatric type 1 diabetes during the 2019 COVID 19 pandemic. it also summarizes the use of telemedicine to provide ongoing care.
1	post COVID 19 effects on patients chest computed tomography CT lung function respiratory symptoms fatigue functional capacity health related quality of life HRQoL and the ability to return to work beyond 3 months post infection is still unknown. systematic search was performed on PubMed Web of Science and Ovid MEDLINE on 22 May 2021 to identify studies that reported persistent effects.
1	COVID 19 is an ongoing pandemic with many challenges that are now extending to its intriguing long term sequel long COVId 19 is a term given to the lingering or protracted illness that patients continue to experience even in their post recovery phase. the present review aims to highlight its epidemiology protean clinical manifestations risk predictors and management strategies.
1	post COVID 19 syndrome is defined by persistent clinical signs and symptoms that appear while or after suffering covid 19 persist for more than 12 weeks. symptoms include fatigue dyspnoea anxiety depression and impaired attention concentration memory and sleep. diagnostic criteria and pathogenic mechanisms involved.
0	reference test for infection identification is reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction RT qPCR. number of cycles Ct in positive rtqPCR tests can assist in decision making when interpreted in the clinical context of patients.
1	MIS C is a novel life threatening hyperinflammatory condition that develops in children a few weeks after infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 SARS CoV 2. majority of patients with MIS present with the involvement of at least four organ systems and all have evidence of a marked inflammatory state. therapy is primarily with immunomodulators suggesting that the disease is driven by post infectious immune dysregulation.
1	an estimated 700 000 people in the u.s. have long COVID that is symptoms of covid 19 persisting beyond three weeks. primary care providers are in a unique position to provide and coordinate care for vulnerable patients. policy measures should include strengthening primary care optimizing data quality and addressing the multiple nested domains of inequity.
0	chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension is an underdiagnosed and potentially fatal subgroup if left untreated. pulmonary endarterectomy is the gold standard treatment of choice in selected patients in specialized centers. currently there is a limited number of data regarding novel coronavirus 2019 infection in patients with ctph. challenging times during this outbreak due to healthcare crisis and relatively higher case fatality rates require convergence that is an ultradisciplinary collaboration which crosses disciplinary and sectorial boundaries.
1	pediatric patients with laboratory confirmed coronavirus disease 2019 COVID 19 were studied in a tertiary hospital in latin america. the median duration between diagnosis n 53 and follow up was 4 4 months 0 8 10 7 Twenty three of 53 43 patients reported at least one persistent symptom at the longitudinal follow up visit. most frequently reported symptoms were headache 19 severe recurrent headache 9 tiredness 9 dyspnea 8 and concentration difficulty 4.
0	the recent global spread of COVID 19 stresses the importance of developing diagnostic testing that is rapid and does not require specialized laboratories.
0	current vaccines depend on adenovirus DNA vectors or on SARS CoV 2 mRNA that might become reverse transcribed into DNA however infrequently. some societies have become sensitized against the potential short or long term side effects of foreign DNA being injected into humans. a review of the fate of foreign. DNA in mammalian human cells and organisms has been presented.
1	patients collectively made long covid and cognate term long haul covid in the first months of the pandemic. patients many with initially mild illness used various kinds of evidence and advocacy to demonstrate a longer more complex course of illness. it moved from patients through various media to formal clinical and policy channels in just a few months.
1	globally there are now over 160 million confirmed cases of COVID 19 and more than 3 million deaths. patients with long COVId experience a wide range of physical and mental psychological symptoms. symptoms include fatigue shortness of breath muscle pain joint pain headache cough chest pain altered smell altered taste and diarrhoea.
0	favipiravir is under investigation for the treatment of COVID 19 and given to patients in many countries following emergency use approval Currently there is no human data except for a single case report. this article includes the outcomes of 29 pregnancies reported to the clinical pharmacology and toxicology unit.
1	PASC or long COVID syndrome is emerging as a major health issue in patients with previous SARS CoV 2 infection. symptoms commonly experienced by patients include fatigue palpitations chest pain dyspnea reduced exercise tolerance and brain fog. signs of cardiovascular autonomic dysfunction appear to be common in PASC and are similar to those observed in postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome.
1	patients with COVID 19 present a wide spectrum of disease severity from asymptomatic cases in the majority to serious disease leading to critical care and even death. clinical manifestations support a key role for endothelial dysfunction in the pathobiology of this condition The virus enters into the organism via its interaction with angiotensin converting enzyme 2 receptor that is present prominently in the alveoli. biomarkers of endothelium injury could constitute strong indicators of disease progression.
0	this study explores why SM is being used by physicians to cross horizontal physician to physician and stakeholder physician to patient boundaries prior to COVID 19. it also provides insights on the practical SM implications for physician leaders working in the COVId 19 environment to actively enhance their practices. a key reason noted in the literature for physicians use of SM to cross vertical boundaries is to share knowledge Regarding stakeholder boundaries the most cited reasons are to improve patients health and encourage behavioural changes.
0	connectedness self esteem and prosocial behaviors were the most common protective factors to social isolation.
1	long COVID symptoms persist 3 months after negative molecular swab test. main symptoms were weakness brain fog dizziness and muscular and joint pain. salivary cortisol and DHEA S determinations were used to compute the adrenal stress index ASI.
0	perinatal and neonatal congenital heart disease patients represent a unique population with higher morbidity and mortality compared to other neonate patient groups. parents and families often face a high burden of responsibility after hospital discharge. barriers to pediatric palliative care persist largely due to the perception that PC consultation is indicative of giving up.
0	as one of the major approaches in confronting COVID 19 pandemics the availability of specific and reliable assays for the SARS CoV 2 viral genome and its proteins is essential. qRT PCR for detection of the viral nucleic acid remains the most valuable in terms of its specificity fast turn around high throughput capacity and reliability. emerging CRISPR Cas based assay for viral genome detection may offer options for prompt and point of care detection.
0	ASPEN COVID 19 nutrition task force conducted a scoping review of nutrition research applicable to the COVId 19 pandemic. the rapid pace of emerging scientific information has prompted this activity to discover research knowledge gaps. of these there were 439 articles fully abstracted with 23 main topic areas identified across 24 article types and sourced across 61 countries and 51 specialties in 8 settings and among 14 populations. nutrition topics meriting urgent research included food insecurity societal infrastructure and transcultural factors.
0	a rapid review of the evidence on the prevalence of mental health problems during virus epidemics in the general public health care workers and survivors. MHP rates across studies populations and epidemics vary substantially. some studies show high and persistent rates of MHP in populations directly affected by isolation quarantine and community containment.
