4	low prevalence of asymptomatic COVID-19 among healthcare workers in Israeli hospitals: a cross-sectional study. only one participant (0.2%, 95%CI: 0.005-1.1%) tested positive for SARS-CoV-2.
4	the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has had an extraordinary impact in paediatric hospitals. the patients seen in our clinic decreased in by 82% (p  0.001) compared with 2018 and 2019, but the number of telemedicine consultations increased by 90.21% (p0.001). the total surgeries performed plummeted by 81% in this period in 2020 due to a reduction in elective cases of 94.6%.
4	remote visits are feasible and reliable in a phase III clinical trial of individuals with early, untreated Parkinson's disease. there was excellent correlation (ICC 0.81-0.87) between remote and in-person patient-reported outcomes. three-quarters said they would be more likely to participate in future trials if some visits could be conducted remotely.
4	neurology departments must continue to provide patient care through different means of operation. the use of telephone consultations to maintain neurological care is a key strategy. complementary testing and periodic in-hospital treatments must be evaluated.
6	high-flow nasal cannula oxygen therapy to treat patients with hypoxemic acute respiratory failure consequent to SARS-CoV-2 infection. observational study aims to assess the outcome and safety of HFNC in 28 consecutive patients. 19 patients had a positive response.
4	this study investigated the knowledge, attitudes, and practices of the Saudi public, toward COVID-19, during the pandemic. the majority of the study participants were knowledgeable about the disease. older adults are likely to have better knowledge and practices, than younger people.
1	two commercial molecular assays and a laboratory-developed test to detect SARS-CoV-2 were compared. results were concordant for 167 specimens, including 94 positive and 73 negative specimens. the ACOV assay yielded 33 additional positive results, 25 of which were also positive by the CDC COV assay but not by the IDNOW assay.
4	the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic has disrupted food systems all over the world. households living in poverty have had to rely largely on food aid in the form of food packs distributed by local governments and private donors. a primary care perspective is essential in creating food security policies that can effectively address acute hunger and malnutrition.
4	'lockdown' and'shelter in place' orders have reduced opportunities to be physically active. social cognition constructs mediated the relationship between each type of exercise equipment and intentions. autonomous motivation and perceived behavioral control were found to mediate the relationship. facilitating these constructs for home-based physical activity interventions could be efficacious for promoting physical activity.
4	the coronavirus disease 2019 is currently of global concern. how colorectal surgeons should manage this during the epidemic remains a big challenge. this retrospective study was based on real-world data from china.
4	climate and COVID-19 pandemic: effect of heat and humidity on the incidence and mortality in world's top ten hottest and top 10 coldest countries.
1	health-care workers (HCWs) are at a higher risk of acquiring coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) a total of 97 studies (all published in 2020) met the inclusion criteria. the most frequently affected personnel were nurses.
1	this is a single-center us case series of 18 infants 90 days old who tested positive for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) these infants had a mild febrile illness without significant pulmonary disease. one-half of the infants were hospitalized; 1 had bacterial urinary tract co-infection.
1	a modified deep convolutional neural network for detecting COVID-19 and pneumonia. the network is a concatenation of the Xception and ResNet50V2 networks. our data contains 180 x-ray images that belong to persons infected with covid-19.
4	headache medication and the COVID-19 pandemic. a putative link between the use of certain drugs and an increased risk of infection. there is no reason to abandon treatment of headache patients with RAS inhibitors or ibuprofen.
4	radiology workload changes during the initial COVID-19 pandemic: implications for staff redeployment. this retrospective study was performed between February 3, 2020 and April 19, 2020 at a large academic medical center. primary outcomes were radiology volume (reports per day) overall and in 11 subspecialty divisions.
1	elevated levels of liver injury markers, particularly aspartate aminotransferase (AST), may reflect true hepatic injury in coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) AST is usually considered a less specific marker for liver injury than ALT.
0	patient presents with dyspnea after recovering from COVID-19 pneumonia. found to have pneumothorax representing an under-reported sequelae.
0	a 55-year-old woman was diagnosed with severe idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension. she experienced a relatively mild course with symptoms resembling a common cold.
1	first-line referral centres were established to handle all patients suspected of COVID-19 or other upper respiratory tract infection. 113 patients were admitted to hospital, the majority of patients were discharged within 24 hours with mild symptoms. three of the covid-19-positive patients developed a severe infection and two had a fatal outcome.
0	asymptomatic 70-year-old man referred for F-FDG PET/CT for initial staging of a hodgkin lymphoma. CT findings were suspicious for COVID-19 pneumonitis. repeat RT-PCR was positive at 72 hours.
1	ultrasound has become an everyday tool in the intensive care unit (icu) it provides the clinician with information which can be integrated within a global assessment. some of its applications since ICU admission include verification of the correct position of the endotracheal tube.
1	severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) is the worldwide challenge. if no effective action is taken, COVID-19 could plague 90% of the world's population and kill over 40 million people. it is essential to understand the virus pathogenicity and follow the preventive methods to control the high morbidity and mortality rates.
4	this paper presents some experiences learnt from treating COVID-19 in Wuhan, the first city to report the outbreak. the experiences include location, accessibility, spacious outdoor area, power supply, ventilation, sewage, and problems in the construction and management of Fangcang shelter hospitals.
4	this paper explores the adoption of telemedicine and virtual software for care of outpatients during and after the COVID-19 pandemic. the use of a virtual doctor can provide valuable information to physicians towards improving quality of life, especially for elderly, immunosuppressed, pregnant women.
6	in the ongoing pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019, the novel virus SARS-CoV-2 is infecting a naive population. the innate immunity of the infected patient is unable to mount an effective defense, resulting in a severe illness with substantial morbidity and mortality. convalescent plasma obtained from patients recovered from the illness with high titers of neutralizing antibodies was successful in treating many COVID-19 patients.
4	critical care medicine is a specialty dealing with the comprehensive management of patients having, or at risk of developing, acute, life threatening organ dysfunction. the glaring need of critical care services and human resources for critical care have become more evident in the face of the current COVID-19 pandemic. in Nepal, as of 15th April, 2020, there are 194 hospitals with ICU facilities, but only around 50% of them are equipped with ventilators.
4	the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in widespread cancellation of elective orthopaedic procedures. an internet search was used to identify published state guidelines regarding cancellation. only 5 states provided guidelines specifically mentioning orthopedic surgery.
1	a meta-analysis of chest CT features of patients with COVID-19 pneumonia was performed. the common patients were less frequent to exhibit consolidation. other CT features including ground-glass opacities did not have a significant association with the severity of the disease.
4	pediatric patients may have minimal symptoms and yet transmit disease. endoscopists face risk for infection with viruses like SARS-CoV-2. we describe our center's methodology for pediatric patient risk stratification.
1	olfactory and gustatory dysfunction are common symptoms in COVID-19 patients. this is the first meta-analysis to report on the prevalence of these symptoms.
2	this paper presents a probabilistic methodology to evaluate the effective reproduction number by considering only the daily death statistics of a given country. the proposed methodology is validated in-silico by simulating an infectious disease through a Susceptible-Infectious-Recovered (SIR) model. results suggest that with a reasonable estimate of distribution of delay to death from the onset of symptoms, the model can provide accurate estimates of R.
4	coronavirus disease (COVID-19) outbreak started in wuhan, china, in december 2019. the pandemic has led to many social and health-care challenges. this systematic literature review aims to provide recommendations that could guide surgeons and /mac_aq>entities toward screening, elective and emergency surgeries.
4	medical uniforms date back from medieval times. nursing uniforms were based on nuns clothes whereas doctors used the famous "plague costumes" and black "frock" coats from about 15th to early 19th century. some specialties even stopped using specific uniforms, while others still use them.
3	seven known human CoVs cause respiratory diseases: together account for about one third of common colds. some covs have recently entered humans from infected animals and lastly we have COVID-19, which causes severe acute, often fatal respiratory syndromes. our study indicates that the neuroaminidase interrupts the infection.
1	Diagnosis of COVID is performed by PCR methods, but their capacity is limited. loop-mediated isothermal amplification (LAMP) method has been utilized for the detection of isolated virus-specific RNA. false-negative rate of variplex test compared with PCR was 83.0%.
4	the covid-19 pandemic triggered unprecedented nationwide regulations aimed primarily at slowing the spread of the virus. study aimed to describe the effect of these regulations on the number and severity of trauma presentations to a regional emergency department in Kwa-Zulu Natal. results: a 47% reduction in the number of trauma cases was recorded for April 2020.
4	this document is a position statement from the Egyptian society of cardiology. it aims to provide information to cardiovascular healthcare providers in Egypt. older patients and those with cardiovascular disease are at higher risk of mortality.
6	randomized clinical trials are not relevant for infectious disease outbreaks. an approach based on group comparisons, in silico, may provide valuable results in a reasonably short period of time for a negligible amount of money.
4	healthcare providers are facing a coronavirus disease pandemic. the consistent use of appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) will help assure its availability and healthcare provider safety.
4	a Web-based survey was conducted among 36 surgeons from 14 countries. the majority (n=26,72.2%) of surgeons reported an alarming decrease in the cholecystectomy rate for GD since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic.
4	testing of symptomatic persons for infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 is occurring worldwide. the test-negative case-control design (TND) is the easiest to implement. however, risk factors with effect sizes of equal magnitude for both COVID-19 and other respiratory infections will not be identified by the TND.
4	in our first survey of transplant centers in march 2020, >75% of kidney and liver programs were either suspended or operating under restrictions. our findings demonstrate persistent heterogeneity in center-level response to COVID-19 even as transplant activity resumes. there was a lack of consensus regarding management of potential living donors or candidates with SARS-CoV-2.
1	the recent COVID-19 outbreak has generated an unprecedented public health crisis. several risk factors have been identified, but these may be confounded or biased. we used multivariable and penalized logistic regression models for the risk of being tested, testing positive/negative in the study population and testing positive within the tested population.
2	this study aims to understand how spatial structures matter in understanding the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) period prevalence across the united states. spatial models can help partially explain the geographic disparities in the period prevalence.
4	the SARS-CoV-2/COVID-19 pandemic has made stroke care even more challenging in india. acute stroke care and poststroke rehabilitation in the country have limitations owing to the economic constraints and poor access to health care.
4	web-based, global survey assessed effects of covid-19 pandemic on dermatology practice. percentages of responders providing in-person consultations, hospital service, and TD, and doing procedures decreased. TD use during the pandemic showed a positive correlation with TD before, performing procedures and, more specifically, with biopsies of suspicious pigmented lesions.
4	teledermatology is an alternative medical science that allows evaluation of patient's clinical information over a distance without requiring face-to-face examination. due to COVID-19, social distancing has become important these days. the study was carried out by using an online survey.
4	point-of-care tests (POCT) are subject to accreditation. only 20.41% are accredited ISO22870, the majority for 50% of the medical departments. 70% say they are going there at the end of 2019 or in 2020.
4	a tertiary care hospital in turkey evaluated the types and frequency of fractures during the COVID-19 pandemic. the most common fracture sites in the pediatric population were the distal forearm and distal arm. in group 1; 6.8%, 7.7%, and 14.6% of the fractures were treated surgically.
0	two case reports of pregnant women critically ill with COVID-19. possible formation of pulmonary microthrombi in the early puerperium. there are few resources to guide health professionals caring for these patients.
6	there are no u.s. FDA-approved drugs for the treatment of COVID-19. antiviral drugs suffer from polymorphic transformations with changes in safety and efficacy. API-ILs present all the advantages that salt forms provide from a pharmaceutical standpoint.
4	this paper analyses the impact of the control measures during the COVID-19 lockdown in Europe (15 march-30 April 2020) daily maximum NO2 decreased consistently over the whole continent. daily 8-h running average ozone concentrations showed a different pattern, decreasing over iberia and increasing elsewhere.
4	the COVID-19 pandemic has changed the australian medical landscape. telehealth has changed how we provide clinical care in general practice.
6	outbreak of COVID-19, caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, started in december 2019, Wuhan, china. we aimed to figure out the time-point and duration of using antiviral drugs. the median time from illness onset to initiation of treatment was 6 days.
4	neurosurgical referral patterns during the COVID-19 pandemic are unclear. a total of 2293 electronic referrals had been received during the study period. the reduction in the volume of referrals for degenerative spine cases was statistically significant.
4	data was collected from Marion County, indianapolis, including EMS calls for service. we showed changes in daily rates of calls before and after stay-at-home order. overdose CFS increased 43% and CFS with naloxone administration increased 61%.
4	the COVID-19 pandemic has caused global emergency and raised social and economic concerns. this paper examines prevailing municipal solid waste management practices in select developed and developing countries. the paper recommends alternatives approaches for MSW treatment and disposal.
6	hydroxychloroquine versus azithromycin for suspected or confirmed COVID-19. trial compared two current "off-label" treatments in academic and nonacademic hospitals. authors describe protocol for pragmatic, active comparator trial in as many as 300 patients.
4	COVID-19 has escalated from a cluster of cases in Wuhan, china, to a global pandemic. solutions for the home monitoring of infected patients became critical. the system was rapidly developed and is being used on a large scale.
1	the prevalence of alteration of the sense of smell or taste was 47%. estimates were 31% and 67% in severe and mild-to-moderate symptomatic patients. the loss of smell and taste preceded other symptoms in 20% of cases.
3	ACE2 is the receptor of recent coronavirus SARS-CoV-2. variation in this gene may affect the susceptibility of a population. the majority of south Asian haplotypes are closer to east eurasians.
0	a patient with a 5 year history of inflammatory muscle disease suffered a hypoxemic cardiopulmonary arrest due to asymptomatic SARS-CoV-2 after receiving advanced immunosuppressive therapy. polymerase chain reaction test was positive for sars-cov-2 RNA.
4	social distancing measures, such as stay-at-home, are currently implemented to control the COVID-19 pandemic in many countries, including Saudi Arabia. the aim of this study was, therefore, to evaluate the awareness and adherence of the Saudi population to these measures.
6	rapid spread of a new human coronavirus (sars-cov-2) has produced an immediate urgency to discover promising targets for the treatment of COVID-19. drug repositioning is an attractive approach that can facilitate the drug discovery process by repurposing existing pharmaceuticals.
4	a number of territorial governments in spain are considering inviting cuban doctors to participate in the fight against the coronavirus epidemic. the response to the epidemic likely would have been different if criteria were used similar to those followed in Cuba.
4	review outlines key priorities and opportunities for improved transplant and living donation advocacy and outcomes. key recommendations include simplifying education to be health literate, written at the appropriate reading level, culturally sensitive, available in multiple languages and across many delivery platforms.
6	new virus of beta-Coronaviruses genus, SARS-CoV-2, is causative agent of COVID-19. no registered specific therapies (including antiviral therapies, immune-modulating agents and vaccines) are currently available.
6	drug repurposing is a technique whereby existing drugs are used to treat emerging and challenging diseases, including COVID-19. in the big data era, artificial intelligence and network medicine offer cutting-edge application of information science.
4	individual quarantine and active monitoring of contacts are core disease control strategies for emerging infectious diseases such as COVID-19. METHODS: we fit a stochastic branching model to reported parameters for the dynamics of the disease. we found a mean time of infectiousness onset before symptom onset of 0.77 days (95% CI -1.98 to 0.29) for the shorter serial interval.
1	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is spreading rapidly around the globe. transmission can occur via droplets and aerosols that can remain in the air for some hours. extra risks exist for aerosol producing surgery in sinus- and skull-base surgery.
6	statins are first-line therapy for lowering low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in familial hypercholesterolemia. statin treatment from childhood may reduce the need for stringent cholesterol targets. if statin use could improve the clinical course of patients with COVID-19 and other respiratory infections remains an unsolved issue.
1	the outbreak of coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19) has threatened health worldwide. as of the end of 2020, there were nearly 10 million confirmed cases and nearly 5 million deaths. rapid and early laboratory diagnosis is the main focus of treatment and control.
1	aimed to evaluate the frequency and mortality of COVID-19 in patients with Alzheimer's disease and frontotemporal dementia. patients with AD were older than patients with FTD, and had a higher prevalence of arterial hypertension. living in care homes is the most relevant factor for an increased risk of infection and death.
4	in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, primary care scrambled to transform itself. authors describe the actions primary care needs to take in a pandememic. as the pandémic decelerates, practices are preparing to address the consequences. policymakers and payers cannot fail primary care, authors say.
4	nationwide lockdown was imposed in india following novel coronavirus pandemic. lockdown has resulted in financial losses and has affected all segments of society. domino effect on health, healthcare and nutrition could pose major setbacks to previously gained successes of National health programs.
4	the pandemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 has spread across the world. patients with underlying obesity, diabetes mellitus, malnutrition, or binge-eating problems are at a high risk.
4	"fake news" and verified news have circulated in italy during the covid-19 pandemic. we used the buzzsumo application to gather the most shared links on the internet. links that contained fake news were shared 2,352,585 times, accounting for 23.1% of the total shares.
4	the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic has had a major impact on birth care and lactation. abandonment of practices such as skin-to-skin and early initiation of breastfeeding (BF) WHO recommends in cases of suspected or confirmed infection of the mother, maintaining mother-child contact and BF.
6	colchicine may have metabolic and cardiovascular benefits in at-risk patients. a pilot randomized controlled trial examined its effects on circulating inflammatory and metabolic molecules in adults with obesity and metabolic syndrome. 34 molecules were significantly changed after controlling for the false discovery rate.
4	the COVID-19 pandemic has affected billions of people around the world, severely disrupting many aspects of their lives. nuclear medicine departments have to adopt their clinical routine to the new environment. spatial arrangements to promote social distancing, meticulous hand hygiene and use of personal protective equipment have to be adopted.
2	multiple ensemble neural network models with fuzzy response aggregation are presented. ensemble neural networks are composed of a set of modules. the complete model was tested for the case of predicting the COVID-19 time series in Mexico.
3	the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a new viral infection caused by the severe acute respiratory coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). structural comparison between the. Sars-coV-2 Envelope and Membrane proteins from different human isolates with. homologous proteins from closely related viruses is described.
6	chloroquine (CQ) and hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) have not yet been proven to be beneficial to COVID-19. the maximum recommended daily safe doses of both agents are higher than the recommended doses for development of retinal toxicity. Irreversible retinal damage can occur if the exposure is >5 years.
6	remdesivir probably improves recovery by a large amount (absolute risk difference [ARD] range, 7% to 10%) compared with placebo, it may result in a small reduction in mortality. a 5-day course may reduce mortality, increase recovery or clinical improvement.
4	patients with cardiovascular disease and diabetes are at potentially higher risk of infection and fatality due to COVID-19. existing recommendations and guidelines emanating from respective bodies have addressed some of the pressure points. this article will pull together a comprehensive assessment of the association of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, obesity and COVId-19, its impact on the health systems.
4	the COVID-19 health crisis is strongly affecting the mental health of the general population. the pandemic may be producing psychological distress and collateral concerns for parents in lockdown. a call for measures to increase family-based interventions during the emergency is urgently needed.
1	to determine the feasibility and safety of ultrasound-guided minimally invasive autopsy in COVID-19 patients. protocol required 20 cores of the liver, 30 of lung, 12 of spleen, 20 of heart and 20 of kidney. highest SARS-CoV-2 viral load was detected in the lung, liver, and sleeve. the number, size, and weight of the tissue cores met expectation of the research group.
0	the COVID-19 outbreak is affecting people worldwide. many infected patients have respiratory involvement that may progress to acute respiratory distress syndrome. whole-lung irradiation in a single fraction of 0.5 Gy had encouraging results.
0	a young female presented with acute liver failure secondary to acetaminophen overdose. she had a positive SARS-CoV2 test, but had no respiratory symptoms at time of presentation. patient had favorable outcome likely related to multiple factors including her young age.
4	the COVID-19 outbreak from the SARS-CoV-2 virus has shocked us with its fast transmission and deadly complication. there is an increasing pressure to restart and resurrect social and economic sectors, and to allow people to get back to work. this paper aims to review and make recommendations on the new normal for our daily activities and works.
4	a single-centre observational cohort study evaluated volume and severity of emergency general surgery admissions during the COVID-19 pandemic. following lockdown, a significant reduction in median daily admissions from 7 to 3 per day (p0.001) post-lockdown patients were significantly older, frailer with higher inflammatory indices and rates of acute kidney injury.
6	palliative ch has created a task force to provide recommendations for health professionals. the group will look at the treatment of patients in the various settings inpatient and outpatient.
4	COVID-19 contact (CoCo) study follows 217 frontline health-care professionals. participants estimated their personal likelihood of having had a SARS-CoV-2 infection with a mean of 21% [median 15%, interquartile range (IQR) 5-30%].
0	venous thromboembolism in critically ill patients affected by ARDS related to COVID-19 in northern-west italy. coronarvirus disease 2019 (covid-19) is an emerging infectious disease. an association between increased VTE in patients with pneumonia-related to covid-19 has not yet been well described.
4	this special issue of the biomedical journal takes stock of its evolution into a pandemic. the authors acquire an elaborate overview of the history and virology of SARS-CoV-2. they also learn about a potential link between COVID-19 and oral health.
1	a rapid, accurate, low-cost, and easy-to-use test in the field could stop epidemics before they develop into full-blown pandemics. despite all the advances, it still does not exist. here, we critically review the limited number of prototypes demonstrated to date.
5	since early December 2019, the Coronavirus Disease 19 (COVID-19) infection has been prevalent in china and eventually spread to other countries. due to the possibility of mother-fetal vertical transmission, there is a concern that the fetuses may be at risk.
4	this study aims to assess the socio-economic burden of COVID-19 pandemic in italy through the estimation of Disability-Adjusted Life Years (DALYs) and productivity loss. the total permanent productivity loss was around EUR 300 million. this evaluation does not consider other economic aspects related to lockdown, quarantine of contacts etc.
4	fear appeals, also known as scare tactics, have been widely used to promote recommended preventive behaviors. authors urge public health professionals to reevaluate their desire to use fear appeal in COVID-19 health communication. they recommend that evidence-based health communication be utilized to address the needs of a specific community.
6	glucocorticoids' role in regulating this immune response is controversial. they have been used in clinical practice in a variety of countries. there is no clear consensus on their evidence-based benefit.
4	study examined anxiety and distress among members of the first community to be quarantined in the usa due to the COVID-19 pandemic. participants felt that perception of or concern about future stigma related to a covid-19 diagnosis or association with the Jewish community was high. study demonstrates the ways in which religious institutions can play a vital role in promoting psychological and public health.
6	sepsis accounts for mortality for almost 50% of global children under 5 years of age. there have been many advances in the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of neonatal infections. each decade, newer resistant bacteria dominate as the cause of seppsis. the microbiome of premature infants has a smaller proportion of beneficial bacteria.
4	this study describes the epidemiological characteristics of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) as of April 20(th), 2020, 3 long-term care facilities in a metropolitan area of south korea had reported cases. the results suggest that early detection and maintenance of infection control minimizes the risk of rapid transmission.
6	hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) has sparked much interest in the therapeutics of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. preliminary clinical evidence from china and france showed significant virological and clinical benefit in HCQ-treated patients. but other studies, mostly including critically ill patients, did not show favorable results.
6	a low dose heparinized saline protocol is associated with improved duration of arterial line patency in critically ill COVID-19 patients. LDHS protocol was associated with a clinically significant improvement in a-line patency without increased bleeding risk.
4	the anesthetic management of the SARScoV-2 (+) patient imposes several modifications, and remains a work in progress. patients scheduled for surgery may benefit from a preoperative diagnostic testing for SARS coV2 infection if they have been in close contact with a COVID-19 patient. according to the PCR results, patients could have their surgery postponed, or may alternatively follow a specific clinical pathway in the operating and recovery rooms.
3	coronaviruses that infect mammals have shown gastrointestinal pathogenicity. this review specifically addresses the effects of mammalian and human. it helps coping with the new virus infection-induced disease, COVID-19.
4	a synthesis of the available scientific evidence in the emotional management of the declared health crisis in the face of coronavirus. the main recommendations based on the available evidence indicate emotional management measures. stress was the most studied aspect, concerning issues such as social stigma, professionalism, intention to care, burnout, ethical conflicts, anxiety, depression or guilt.
4	SNAP provides food and financial assistance to food-insecure individuals and families. in the midst of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 pandemic, benefits evolved. policy changes and federal legislation expanded eligibility, raised benefit levels.
4	reporting adverse drug reactions (ADRs) and medical device incidents (MDIs) to health canada or health authorities in every country is crucial. several patients and health care professionals still fail to voluntarily report adverse events. some barriers to reporting may include fear of negative feedback, apathy, legal concerns.
4	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a novel respiratory disease. trends in cases and rates of infection have been consistently misunderstood. this study explored different statistical methods to evaluate trend data.
4	regional outcomes of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 infection in hospitalised patients with haematological malignancy. mortality rates are high supporting measures to minimise the risk. patients >/= 70 years accounted for the majority of hospitalised cases (42, 63%) and fatalities (25, 74%).
6	tetanus, diphtheria and bordetella pertussis could be used as trivalent vaccines. vaccine formulations would be re-administrated after first contact with covid-19. the vaccine could be administered before the development of respiratory severe illness.
4	this study explores how people in china are using the internet for seeking health information during a pandemic. we identified 1496 patients with COVID-19 using "#COVID19 Patient Seeking Help" and explored their online health information-seeking behavior.
6	glycyrrhizin may be an efficacious therapeutic agent for COVID-19. there are no vaccines or specific treatments against this new virus. the triterpene saponin has various biological functions and pharmacological effects.
4	hip fractures in the elderly account for more than half of osteoporotic fractures. novel coronavirus pneumonia (COVID-19) began spreading in december. our infection and orthopedic treatment unit treated 82 elderly patients with hip fracture.
4	this systematic review aims to provide a more accurate estimate of the incubation period of COVID-19. the mean and 95th percentile were estimated using meta-analysis, taking into account between-study heterogeneity and the analysis with moderator variables.
4	the extraordinary demands of managing the COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted the world's ability to care for patients with thoracic malignancies. surgeons are forced to prioritize among their cancer populations. representatives from multiple cancer, surgical, and research organizations have come together to provide a guide for triaging patients.
4	COVID-19 is a highly contagious disease that has affected all african countries. challenges limit precautionary measures instituted by the government to curb the pandemic. healthcare system is overburdened by civil conflicts and other epidemics and endemics. the 11th outbreak of Ebola has been increasing at an alarming pace.
4	the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has taken a toll on healthcare systems around the world. this has led to guidelines advising against elective procedures, which includes elective arthroplasty. some arthroplasties are arguably essential, as pain or functional impairment maybe devastating for patients during this difficult period.
1	chemosensory dysfunction was strongly associated with COVID-19 positivity in patients presenting with influenza-like symptoms. anecdotally reported loss of smell and taste were reported in 68% (40/59) and 71% (42/59) of covid-19-positive subjects, respectively.
6	hydroxychloroquine was recently promoted in patients infected with COVID-19 infection. a recent experimental study has suggested an increased toxicity of hydroxychloroquin in association with metformin in mice. present study investigated the reality of this putative drug-drug interaction using pharmacovigilance data.
4	the battle of COVID-19 is currently at different levels of intensity in each country and even each city. the authors have prepared succinct recommendations regarding the care of patients with breast cancer.
4	in response to the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, the cms pledged payment for telehealth visits. no studies to our knowledge have analyzed the implementation and success. patients who have experienced orthopaedic trauma range in age from early childhood to late adulthood.
4	survey estimates impact of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic on hospital emergency departments. survey of 283 EDs in hospitals belonging to or affiliated with spanish public health service. results analyzed overall and by autonomous community, hospital size, disease incidence.
4	COVID-19 is a droplet-transmitted potentially fatal coronavirus pandemic. it has put many countries in a state of lockdown and sporting events (including the 2020 Olympics) local professional football leagues postponed all matches after much deliberation.
1	commercial primer and probe batches for SARS-CoV-2 detection were contaminated with synthetic control material, causing delays of regional testing roll-out in various countries.
4	coronavirus-associated death tolls have been increasing rapidly in a country. the provincial status of confirmed cases is higher in Punjab. if we increase five times our testing capacity from the current date, the total registered cases will be reached to 137,370.
1	serologic testing for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) will continue to evolve. we evaluated four high-throughput serologic tests for detection of anti-sars-cov-2 IgG antibodies. the assay specificity/positive predictive values based on a 5% prevalence rate were 99.6%/92.8% and 99.0%/71.2%, respectively.
1	obesity has been found to be a risk factor for hospitalization with coronavirus disease (COVID-19) this study investigated whether patients hospitalized with covid-19 differed in BMI at older versus younger ages. patients younger than 50 years of age hospitalized without diabetes or hypertension had mean BMI greater than those older than 50.
4	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) was identified in Taiwan 2020.01.21. a number of family cluster infections were found later. there were three domestic family clusters infections in this period. the infectious sources of the latter clusters are currently uncertain.
0	a 74-year-old male was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit at SUNY downstate medical center. he had acute respiratory failure secondary to coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) viral pneumonia. the patient had significant comorbidities, including lung and esophageal cancer status-post resection, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, peripheral vascular disease.
4	recently, the cholera outbreak in Haiti demonstrated how unprepared the country is to rapidly isolate an outbreak of this magnitude. this communication briefly examines the health system in Haiti and its vulnerability toward the COVID-19 outbreak.
4	COVID-19 drive-through point of screening and testing (POST) system is an efficient, safe, and adaptable model for high volume nasopharyngeal swabbing. authors recommend other COVId-19 testing sites nationwide consider adopting.
4	after appearance of first COVID-19 cases in Serbia, state of emergency was declared on 15 march 2020 and lasted for 54 days. the aim of this report is to compare orthopaedic fracture frequencies in this period, when the walk was limited at the home mostly, with those during the same part in the previous year with regular state.
4	the COVID-19 pandemic forced surgeons to reconsider concepts of "elective" operations. a scaffold for complex decision-making was developed for adult patients. to account for the unique challenges children face, we modified the adult system.
1	novel coronavirus (sars-cov2) is associated with some cutaneous manifestations. all reported cases of COVID-19 were classified under 6 major groups. different characteristics of each group were discussed in detail.
1	community seroprevalence of COVID-19 in probable and possible cases in primary care centres in spain. there is a scarcity of information about patients with mild or moderate symptoms during the coronavirus disease 2019. the odds ratio for a positive test was significantly increased in patients who had fever, ageusia and contact with a patient.
4	the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has had a significant impact on imaging utilization. a retrospective study of inpatient imaging volumes in a large health care system was performed. the study found a statistically significant shift (P .0001) in the 2020 composition mix largely comprised of radiography.
4	in this paper, i analyze the effect that lockdown and testing policies had on new contagions in chile. lockdowns were effective in containing and reducing new cases of COVID-19 in higher-income municipalities.
4	risk management framework across 17 radiation oncology centers during COVID-19 pandemic. new protocols have been required to keep patients and workforce safe.
1	lower-extremity arterial thrombosis associated with COVID-19 is characterized by greater burden. 16 patients who tested positive for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) and who underwent CT angiography of the lower extremities were compared. a mantel-haenszel test was used to associate outcome of death and/or amputation.
4	in April 2020, covid-19 brought NHS elective procedures to a halt. aim of paper is to produce accurate forecasts on the building backlog. also to highlight the state of waiting lists currently and propose solutions.
6	lopinavir/ritonavir treatment did not accelerate clinical improvement compared with standard of care. the aim of this paper is to gather all the available evidence and to discuss this issue.
6	a severe pneumonia-associated respiratory syndrome caused by a new coronavirus was identified in December 2019 (COVID-19) about 25% of COVID 19 patients experienced severe complications including acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), and even progressed into an intensive care unit (icu) admission and died. our research has identified that pathogenic T cells and inflammatory monocytes incite inflammatory storm with large amount of interleukin 6.
6	this review provides the current status of the development of various antibody-based immunotherapeutic strategies against COVID-19. there is no specific drug or vaccine available for managing the pandemic. the research and investment need to be accelerated to bring them into clinical use.
6	subcutaneous tocilizumab in adults with severe and critical COVID-19. study aimed to assess the use of subcutaneous drug in adult patients. of 126 patients enrolled, 86 had severe and 40 had critical disease. by day 14 of the study, 4.65% (4/86) of severe patients and 50.00% (20/40) of critical patients died.
6	COVID-19 may cause severe illness in 20% of patients. the reduction of this inflammatory immune-response could be considered as a therapeutic target. right data on the effectiveness of different immunomodulating drugs are scarce.
4	the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic is forcing the medical educators to innovate and embrace online education and assessment platform. one of the most significant challenges is the formative assessment of practical skills in the undergraduate medical biochemistry education.
4	this article is a preliminary exploration of the effects of covid-19 in silicon valley. it describes how the crisis has deepened social and economic inequalities. many silicon valley workers have lost their jobs and are struggling to cope.
4	the covid-19 coronavirus pandemic has resulted in global lockdowns, sharply curtailing economic activity. it is a unique experiment with substantial impacts that will form the agenda for research. there are five sets of questions: the short-term impacts on emissions, the natural environment and environmental policy.
0	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has become a global pandemic. only 2 pregnant women, who were in the late stage of pregnancy, were diagnosed with COVID. one of the 2 infected pregnant women had severe disease, the other had mild disease. both babies were delivered by cesarean section.
0	autoantibody-negative insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus after SARS-CoV-2 infection. 19-year-old white male presented with diabetic ketoacidosis. patient had probable COVID-19 infection 5-7 weeks before admission.
4	the SARS-CoV2 pandemic has prompted a re-evaluation of our current practice. the reality of the long-term circulation of this virus requires us to evolve as a specialty. this article identifies the challenges of conflicting guidelines, shortcomings of acute management approaches, and inherent system deficiencies.
5	current outbreak of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in more than 250 countries has become a serious threat to the health of people around the world. in this study, was discussed the role of environmental factors and conditions such as temperature, humidity, wind speed as well as food, water and sewage.
0	electrocardiographic signs of acute right ventricular hypertrophy in patients with COVID-19 pneumonia: a clinical case series. 6 cases of patients affected by coronavirus disease 2019 bilateral pneumonia with associated acute respiratory distress.
4	a decision tree algorithm was developed to protect operating room team members during the COVID-19 pandemic. the algorithm is based on urgency of operation, anticipated viral burden at the surgical site, opportunity for a procedure to aerosolize virus, and likelihood a patient could be infected.
1	coronavirus disease 2019 and influenza A in children: an observational control study in china. data of 23 hospitalized children with COVID-19 (9 boys, 5.7 +/- 3.8 years old) were compared with age- and sex-matched 69 hospitalized and 69 outpatient children with influenza A from a hospital in china.
4	COVID-19 is a clinical syndrome caused by a novel coronavirus. the primary immune response leads to viral clearance in the majority of cases. however, in a subgroup of patients, the secondary immune response may be exaggerated.
4	first case of COVID-19 in Saudi Arabia was confirmed on march 3, 2020. Saudi Arabia implemented lockdown of most public and private services. government and private sectors combined developed and launched approximately 19 apps.
4	this article reviews our approach to rapidly converting an in-person diagnostic radiology elective to an entirely remote learning experience. the current state of technology makes radiology particularly well-suited for distance learning. with the proper tools and approaches, effective remote radiology instruction can be achieved.
0	COVID-19 has emerged as a pandemic and public health crisis across the world. infective endocarditis remains a problem in patients with rheumatic heart disease.
4	a multi-person interview on the unrolling corona pandemic with Samuel Alizon, Akiko Iwasaki, Gerard Krause and Rino Rappuoli.
0	two patients with respiratory failure due to confirmed COVID-19 were examined using bedside lung ultrasound shortly after intubation and start of invasive ventilation. these two cases illustrate how LUS could be useful in identifying different lung morphologies. this has possible implications for ventilator management in resource-limited settings.
1	performance evaluation of two SARS-CoV-2 IgG/IgM rapid tests (Covid-Presto and NG-Test) and one automated immunoassay (Abbott) the aim of this study was to assess the analytical performances, sensitivity and specificity, of two rapid tests for detecting anti-sARS-cov-2 antibodies.
4	orthopaedic surgeons continue to play a critical role in caring for both orthopic and nonorthopaepic problems during this pandemic. the following will discuss the experience of a large academic orthopedic surgery department within the epicenter of the COVID-19 crisis. our recommended strategy for handling future disaster situations.
4	national interpersonal distance preference is considered a cultural characteristic.
4	support for 11 540 individuals with intellectual and developmental disability during COVID-19 pandemic in the usa. the novel Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, the cause of the current acute respiratory illness, has infected millions of people. in the 100-day period between 20 January 2020 and 30 April 2020, 63 per cent of the individuals with IDD were affected.
0	a 61-year-old man with heart transplant presented with fever, cough, and dyspnea. laboratory tests showed significant elevations in C-reactive protein and interleukin-6. patient was offered clazakizumab (anti-IL-6) for compassionate use. within 24 hours, patient showed significant improvement in symptoms.
4	a focused training programme in infection control procedures was rapidly developed in advance. university departments of general practice were asked to develop and deliver that training. the aim of this article is to describe infection control procedure training in Ireland, the uptake by GPs and the initial experience of clinicians working in this unusual environment.
6	nurses have been playing key roles in cabin hospitals, isolation wards, and intensive care units for critical cases. anesthesia nurses have their own professional specialties, such as airway management, the use and maintenance of life support equipment.
0	new pandemic of COVID-19 represents a great challenge for health systems. contagious disease is generating high infection and mortality rates in several countries. inflammatory process accompanying the infection is triggered by massive macrophage activation.
0	saddle pulmonary embolism and thrombus-in-transit straddle the patent foramen ovale on patient who successfully recovered from severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (COVID-19) pneumonia. seven days postdischarge, she was readmitted to hospital for severe dyspnea. computer tomography angiogram and echocardiography confirmed the diagnosis.
4	early experiences of radiographers in Ireland during the COVID-19 crisis. radiographers are amongst the first-line health professionals exposed to infected persons. clear communication regarding changing protocols and patients' infectious status are essential to safeguard healthcare workers.
4	the outbreak of Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has posed a significant threat to many countries. the disease does not currently have a particular treatment, there is a compelling need to find substitute means to dominate its expansion. some countries' public health strategies and responses can be divided into four main areas.
6	the fda has warned against the use of hydroxychloroquine or chloroquin for Covid-19 outside of a hospital or a clinical trial setting. despite these warnings, in several developing countries the official guidelines for treatment of covid-19 patients at the primary care level recommend it. in order to solve this bioethical problem we strongly recommend that a randomized controlled trial in primary care setting be carried out as a matter of urgency.
6	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is associated with high rates of ARDS. prone positioning improves mortality in moderate-to-severe ards. strategies to increase prone positioning under crisis conditions are needed.
4	businesses are struggling to re-open as the world continues to deal with the coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. the reopening of businesses will require employers to implement safe return-to-work strategies through evaluation, testing, work modifications, and development of appropriate workplace policies.
1	stethoscope, chest x-ray and lung computer tomography are routinely used. lung point-of-care ultrasound (Lu-PoCUS) is a still underutilized valuable alternative, especially when using pocket devices. the gold standard so far is RT-PCR (reverse transcriptase polmerase chain reaction) from the nasopharyngeal smear.
1	the novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2 has been implicated to cause hepatic injury. the histologic pattern of injury has not been completely described. macrovesicular steatosis was the most common finding, involving 30 patients. mild lobular necroinflammation and portal inflammation were present in 20 cases each.
6	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has emerged since early december. there is no certain and approved medicine against it. drug repositioning is efficient, economical, and riskless process.
1	five primer sets from different genome region of COVID-19 for detection of virus infection by conventional RT-PCR. ORF1ab, nucleocapsid and RdRp regions have the best primers for identifying the SARS-CoV-2 RNA.
0	combination therapy of lopinavir/ritonavir plus favipiravir might be a treatment option for patients with COVID-19. serum ferritin levels and lymphocytopenia are promising markers for disease severity and disease progression.
4	health standards for nosocomial infection control, health protection, health information were compared. results: the application scope and technical elements of the current health standards meet the needs. experience obtained in the epidemic prevention and control can also contribute to the further revision and improvement of the health standards.
4	this review focused on the current pandemic situation and understanding the prevention and control strategies of COVID-19. a total of 1,016,399 cases with 53,238 deaths was reported from 204 countries and territories. most of the new cases were from Europe, particularly italy acting as the source of importation.
6	the COVID-19 pandemic is one of the greatest infectious challenges in recent history. the availability of effective vaccines is at least one year away. there is an urgent need to find currently available, effective therapies.
4	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has spread rapidly worldwide. it is very important to prevent nosocomial outbreaks and operate hospitals safely. this article presents the strategies for safe hospital operations.
4	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has forced a re-design of care in radiation oncology. head and neck cancer posed the greatest risk of transmission between patients and radiotherapy providers. authors devised policies and procedures to mitigate further risk in a way that could practically be employed across a large health system.
0	a 78-year-old man fell ill with weakness, coughing and fever 19 days after a cruise. he was admitted 4 days later with increasing shortness of breath. the patient's wife had been tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 immediately after returning.
4	review the published literature of telemedicine's use within otorhinolaryngology (ORL) highlights its successful implementation, and documents areas with need of future research.
3	comparison of nonhuman primates identified the suitable model for COVID-19. infected monkeys showed abnormal chest radiographs, an increased body temperature. among the three animal species, M. mulatta showed the strongest response to SARS-CoV-2.
1	IFCC Interim Guidelines on serological testing of antibodies against SARS-CoV-2. testing for the detection of antibodies is emerging as an important component of the clinical management of patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) clinical laboratories have also needed to increase testing capacity to include serological evaluation of patients.
0	ongoing outbreak of pneumonia associated with the severe acute respiratory coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) no pharmacological therapies of proven efficacy yet exist. this is a rare report of sars-cov-2 infection in a renal transplant recipient.
4	coronavirus disease (COVID)-19 can cause a significant strain on the healthcare system. every large hospital should have a facility that can function as a high-level isolation unit. an isolation unit ensures that the healthcare staff and the hospital are equipped to deal with infectious disease outbreaks.
4	as the world grapples with the crisis of COVID-19, established economies and healthcare systems have been brought to their knees. how can we balance urgent resourcing of our acute crisis while not abandoning the real need of patients with osteoporosis?
6	the COVID-19 pandemic has catalyzed the production of potential antivirals and vaccines from research organizations across the globe. one approach organizations may take to tackle this involves issuing raw data publicly for collaboration with other organizations. another technique employs a more closed, market-driven method in order to stay ahead financially in the race for developing a suitable antiviral or vaccine.
4	coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19) has affected healthcare systems across the nation. this study is to gauge the early effects of the pandemic on head and neck oncology and reconstructive surgery practice. only 8% of the survey respondents were requested to pause head cancer surgery.
6	evidence of cardiovascular complications associated with the COVID-19 global pandemic continues to evolve. some results from a limited number of trials of antiviral medications have been beneficial. however, these pharmacotherapies may cause drug-induced QT prolongation leading to ventricular arrhythmias and sudden cardiac death.
6	BCG vaccine has been shown to induce an adaptive immune response in the body to fight against bacteria as well as other parasites and viruses. some recent pre-print articles have highlighted that countries with mass BCG immunizations seems to have a lower incidence of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) there are yet no experimental proof of any such association and the world health organisation (WHO) is currently testing the theory with clinical trials on selected cohorts.
4	pathologists' display will essentially become their new surrogate "microscope" this review seeks to define and summarize the current and emerging display technology. it also discusses the impact of recent digital pathology device componentization.
4	this study examines the asymmetrical effect of temperature on COVID-19 in the top ten affected provinces in china. the study used the Sim & zhou' quantile-on-quantile approach to analyze how the temperature quantities affect the different quantiles of COVID-19.
0	false positive COVID-19 antibody test in a case of granulomatosis with polyangiitis. fda has recently authorized the first antibody-based test for 2019 novel coronavirus disease. diagnosis of other life-threatening diseases might delay treatment in the era of this pandemic.
0	a 17-year-old male was diagnosed with haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH) secondary to COVID-19 infection. he presented with cough, sore throat, anorexia and pyrexia. blood tests revealed pancytopaenia with very high ferritin, triglyceride and d-dimer levels. the patient responded rapidly to treatment, becoming apyrexial after 24h.
6	there are currently no approved treatments or vaccines for COVID-19. at least three inflammatory disorders or syndromes have been described in the context of cellular therapy. these diseases have clinical and laboratory characteristics in common with the disease.
0	little or nothing is known about the correlation between the upper limb deep vein thrombosis (ul-DVT) and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2). we describe the increased risk of ul-dvt in 3 patients with SARS-CoV-2 who require continuous positive airway pressure with a hood and the need for early adequate antithrombotic prophylaxis.
4	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) affects workers in meat and poultry processing facilities. this report provides updated aggregate data from states regarding the number of affected facilities, the number and demographic characteristics of affected workers. targeted workplace interventions and prevention efforts at facilities are appropriate, the authors write.
4	this study aimed to explore the impact of the pandemic on hospital-based clinical pharmacists working in Malaysia. the findings indicate that in many cases, clinical pharmacy services were fully or partially withdrawn from the ward to reduce the risk of infection. however, the role of clinical pharmacist is still poorly recognized.
4	asthma in the current COVID-19 pandemic and current recommendations from professional bodies: a review. understanding similarities and differences among the recommendations of the various professional bodies will aid in medical decision-making.
4	conjunctivitis may be the first presenting symptom of 2019-nCoV. ophthalmologists have an essential role in guiding cross-infection control measures between patients and staff. until a vaccine is created, public health strategies are likely to be the best weapons against this invisible enemy.
4	medical students around the world are helping thwart the COVID-19 pandemic. a group argues that such efforts change the "disruption" to medical students learning to something more tangible, more important. such efforts allow students to become stakeholders in the expansion and delivery of healthcare, the group says.
4	maintaining high-quality care for urological patients is a challenge during and after the COVID-19 pandemic. we propose to implement telehealth as a solution to provide regular symptom monitoring compatible with social distancing guidelines. telemedical assessment and prioritizing of high-risk patients for individual consults at outpatient services will have to be aligned with available outpatient capacity.
0	wellens' syndrome is associated with left anterior descending artery occlusion. it is known to be associated with an extensive anterior wall myocardial infarction. during COVID-19 pandemic, it is recommended to treat patients conservatively.
6	a large-scale prospective clinical study was conducted to evaluate the intervention effect of Chinese medicine preventive administration. the non-intervention group was given health guidance only, while the traditional Chinese medicine(TCM) intervention group received two coordinated TCM in addition to health guidance. no suspected or confirmed COVID-19 case occurred in either group.
6	a multinational registry analysis of the use of hydroxychloroquine for COVID-19. the main outcomes of interest were in-hospital mortality and the occurrence of de-novo ventricular arrhythmias. 96 032 patients (mean age 53.8 years, 46.3% women) met the inclusion criteria.
1	computed tomography used to detect unsuspected cases of COVID-19. radiological society of north america/sotr/acr consensus guidelines used. a total of 22 patients were included in this retrospective study.
3	Coronaviruses (CoVs) are enveloped, positive sense, single strand RNA viruses. envelope protein (E) functions in virus assembly and release. peptides identified in silico were synthesized and tested for membrane-modifying activity in the presence of giant unilamellar vesicles.
4	trainee orthopaedic surgeons were redeployed during COVID-19 outbreak. 50% of the surveyed trainees spent varying amounts of time in the reddeployed speciality and gave differing views on how comfortable they felt and how useful they felt the experience was. one-third of trainees experienced symptoms and/or tested positive for the disease.
0	no evidence of vertical transmission of SARS-CoV-2 after induction of labour in immune-suppressed patient. 38+1 weeks pregnant patient with a proven COVID-19 infection. labour and delivery were uncomplicated and the patient and neonate were discharged the next day.
4	crisis in the SARSCoV-2 coronavirus causing COVID-19 is putting health systems to the test. authors propose a general action protocol for these patients. general principles of action are set out, as well as specific recommendations.
4	transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) is frequently used by physicians caring for intubated critically ill patients. the COVID-19 pandemic has placed an extraordinary strain on healthcare systems across north america. a multidisciplinary group of experts from the u.s. and canada convened to review the available evidence, share experiences, and produce a consensus statement.
6	therapeutics against coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) are urgently needed. both administration and inhibition of GM-CSF are currently being therapeutically tested. this Perspective discusses the scientific merits behind these contrasting approaches.
6	corticosteroids have been under debate in COVID-19-related pulmonary disease. data from the first randomized controlled trial on this subject.
6	hydroxychloroquine sulfate (HCQ) is being scrutinized for repositioning in the treatment and prevention of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection. this antimalarial drug is also chronically used to treat patients with autoimmune diseases. out of 26 815 positive patients, 77 (0.29%) were chronically treated with HCQ, while 1215 (0.
4	the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) pandemic found it unprepared to cope with the large concentrated numbers of patients infected. the COVID-19 patients were quickly overwhelmed the italian healthcare system. this paper describes the active home surveillance system (COD19) and the home hospital care system (COD20) and presents the clinical data collected and the level of user satisfaction with the service.
4	healthcare workers (HCW) are at much greater risk of infection than the general population. it is unclear which type of full-body PPE protects best, and how to train HCWs. we included all controlled studies that evaluated the effect of full body PPE.
6	the COVID-19 pandemic has caused a global public health crisis. there is a pressing need for evidence-based interventions to address the devastating clinical and public health effects of the virus. more than 200 interventional studies have been registered in the Chinese clinical trial registry.
3	health disparity related to race/ethnicity has been cited as "the most serious and shameful health care issue of our time" this paper hypothesizes that, prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, disproportionate socio-economic and environmental stressors promoted heightened stress-associated neurobiological activity (Stress-NbA) this results in an increase in susceptibility to viral diseases, including coronavirus illnesses.
4	this evaluation describes efforts taken by the florida maternal, infant and early childhood home visiting initiative during the pandemic. findings highlight the role of administrative leadership and communication, staff willingness/morale, logistical considerations. virtual home visiting appears to be feasible and provides an essential connection to supports for families who may not otherwise have the means or knowledge to access them.
4	atmospheric pressure that decreases with altitude affects lung physiology. high altitude populations require special considerations for COVID-19.
4	the main threat to healthcare workers is other healthcare workers. ward-based outbreaks with staff all contracting the virus simultaneously. this issue needs to be urgently addressed.
4	spiritual hotline project was designed by many Brazilian healthcare workers. it was intended to give spiritual and religious assistance to people with different cultural background. so far, the hotline was able to assist people from different parts of the world.
0	77-year-old man presented with cough and shortness of breath for 2 days. he was in close contact with a confirmed COVID-19 case. chest CT revealed an atypical finding of predominant focal subpleural interstitial thickening in the right lower lobe.
4	survey on use of personal protective equipment and COVID-19 testing of pregnant women in japan. full PPE was used by doctors in 7.1% of facilities and by midwives in 6.8%. N95 masks were running out of stock at 6.5% of facilities.
1	infected individuals with suspected (clinical diagnosis) or laboratory-confirmed COVID-19 infection were recruited. patients completed a survey-based questionnaire with the aim of assessing their epidemiological and clinical characteristics. the most prevalent general symptoms included fever, myalgia, cough, and headache.
4	sleep quality tended to reduce during quarantine and this was associated with changes in sleep behaviours and light exposure. regular sleep and wake times, at least 1hour exposure to daylight and a reduction of screen use in the evenings are suggested.
4	this systematic rapid living review shows an increasing evidence on rehabilitation needs due to COVID-19 outbreak during April 2020. the main novelties include: 1) the first appearance of epidemiological data on the likely high incidence of neurological complications/disabling sequelae. a systematic search was performed on PubMed, Embase, Scopus, CINAHL, PEDro, Web of Science and the main international guideline databases. out of 445 articles retrieved for the time frame, 50 were finally included for qualitative analysis.
4	optimising patient outcome during the COVID-19 pandemic is the number one priority. principles of patient blood management are fundamental strategies to improve patient outcomes. this expert review considers the impact of the covid-19 crisis on blood supply.
1	this article is a consensus statement provided by the Canadian Society of Thoracic Radiology and the Canadian Association of Radiologists. the objective is to answer key questions related to COVID-19 imaging of the chest. this article also provides recommended reporting structure for both CXR and CT.
0	COVID-19 is a novel highly contagious infectious disease caused by the coronavirus sars-cov2. the virus affects the human respiratory and other systems, and presents mostly as acute respiratory syndrome. chronic fatigue, orthostatic dizziness and brain fog consistent with orthostatic hypoperfusion syndrome (OCHOS) and painful small fiber neuropathy.
4	emergency department syndromic surveillance system (EDsss) carries out daily (near real-time) public health surveillance of emergency department (ED) attendances across England. from 12 March 2020 ED attendances decreased across all age groups, all acuity levels, on all days and times.
4	disinfecting surfaces has been recommended as one of the most effective ways to combat the spread of novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) overexposure to disinfecting chemicals may lead to unintended human health risks. our results indicate that both the total exposure and relative contribution of each exposure route vary considerably.
4	social distancing is principally intended to reduce infectious disease transmission by decreasing interactions among people in a broader community. a cross sectional study was conducted among 1,036 Egyptians using an online questionnaire between 5 and 10 may 2020.
0	systemic lupus erythematosus and varicella-like rash following COVID-19 in a previously healthy patient. the disease resulted in death of the patient, who was previously healthy. pathophysiological mechanisms resulting in overlapping disorders remain unknown. sharing images of this case may benefit physicians dealing with similar patients during this pandemic.
4	this investigation report describes a case of COVID-19 in a combined military and civilian office workspace. over a 3-day period, the index case unintentionally exposed 150 coworkers to SARS-CoV-2 through participation in carpools, conferences, and small meetings. the office authorized telework, conducted thorough cleaning of spaces, distributed informative messaging, and evaluated outbreak policies.
6	hydroxychloroquine, 600 mg, daily, or size-matched placebo taken orally for 8 weeks. of the 132 randomized participants, 125 (94.7%) were evaluable for the primary outcome. secondary outcomes included adverse effects, treatment discontinuation, presence of SARS-CoV-2 antibodies, frequency of QTc prolongation.
6	SARS Coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) pandemic has become a global issue. no effective vaccine is available which can combat the infection caused by this virus. this study was conducted to design possible epitope-based subunit vaccines.
4	school closures have limited efficacy in reducing community transmission of COVID-19. the question of whether children should be kept home from school has attracted extensive public debate in australia. we discuss how the use of well-established principles of risk communication might have reduced much of this community concern.
4	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has spread and caused enormous and serious damages to many countries worldwide. one of the most typical interventions is the social distancing that would reduce the number of contacts among undiagnosed individuals. massive testing accompanied with quarantine would be less likely to affect the social and economic systems.
4	the COVID-19 pandemic has major implications for blood transfusion. transfusion institutions need to plan for reductions in donations and loss of crucial staff. a reduction in donor numbers has largely been matched by reduced demand.
0	COVID-19 myopericarditis: it should be kept in mind in today's conditions. a 78-year-old patient with acute respiratory distress was transferred to our hospital with ST segment elevation on electrocardiography.
6	remdesivir and dexamethasone have demonstrated a positive response. hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) has in vitro activity against SARS-CoV-2. results of randomized trials evaluating HCQ as treatment against a control group are lacking.
0	early manifestation of ARDS in COVID-19 infection in a 51-year-old man affected by mounier-kuhn syndrome. he presented to accident & emergency with fever, dyspnea and deterioration of his chronic coughs. COIVD-19 could occur even in the early stages of the disease in presence of underlying co-morbidities including MKS.
4	social distancing is a non-pharmaceutical tactic aimed at reducing the spread of COVID-19. it can arise because individuals voluntarily distance from others to avoid contracting the disease. we run our models weekly and examine the evolution of the estimated coefficients.
4	assessing whether health workers trained through SORT IT were contributing to the COVID-19 pandemic response and if so, map where and how they were applying their SORT it skills. of 895 alumni from 93 countries, 652 (73%) responded to the survey and 417 were contributing in 72 countries. highest proportions of alumni applying their skills in data generation/analysis/reporting (56%), situation analysis (55%) and surveillance (41%).
0	COVID-19 infection mainly affects the lungs triggering severe hypoxemic respiratory failure. subacute invasive pulmonary aspergillosis as a superimposed infection is a rare entity.
4	the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Latin american radiation therapy services has not yet been widely assessed. the scarcity of data on these terms might impair design of adequate measures.
4	COVID-19, first detected in china in december, has become a worldwide health emergency. the rapid emergence of Ebola required new clinical and surgical approaches. more rigorous approaches to understand ophthalmic disease and transmission risk are needed.
4	patients with a laryngectomy are at increased risk for droplet-transmitted diseases. COVID-19, caused by SARS-CoV-2, has now caused a worldwide pandemic. hospitals in HK have modified infection control routines to prevent a repeat public health nightmare.
4	pandemics tend to have higher occurrence (morbidity) in younger individuals but higher mortality for the elderly. this is shown by comparing the age distribution of cases in china and south Korea to the relative populations. in every case, the relative number of elderly contracting the virus is far higher than the proportion of elderly in the population.
1	a novel risk score to predict diagnosis with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in suspected patients: a retrospective, multicenter, and observational study. the clinical data of all suspected patients were analyzed. independent risk factors were identified via multivariate logistic regression analysis.
1	PCR-based nucleic acid detection cannot meet the demands for COVID-19 diagnosis. two enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays were used for detecting IgM and IgG antibodies. the positive rates of the rN-based and rS-based ELISAs for antibody detection were 80.4% and 82.2%, respectively.
6	the COVID-19 pandemic has focused attention on issues of epidemiology, public health, and vaccine design. pharmacologic therapy needs similar attention.
6	antithrombotic treatments in patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection: from current evidence to reasonable recommendations.
3	genome sequencing of SARS-CoV-2 strains from clinical specimens using nanopore sequencing. genome variations and phylogenetic analysis hinted at multiple sources and different transmission patterns during the COVID-19 epidemic in hangzhou, china.
4	public health interventions to mitigate early spread of SARS-CoV-2 implemented in Poland. out of 406 legal regulations identified, 56 were related to the COVID-19 outbreak. mass events in Poland were banned six days after the first laboratory-confirmed case.
4	breast imaging must be performed using safe practices during the COVID-19 pandemic. guidelines are provided based on priority according to risk of breast cancer and impact of delaying treatment. a review of the best practices is presented that allow breast imaging to maximize protection of patients, technologists, residents, fellows, and radiologists.
4	this paper aims to fill the gap in the literature by assessing lockdown. lockdown is effective in reducing the number of new cases in the countries that implement it, compared with those countries that do not. results are especially true around 10 days after the implementation of the policy.
4	the covid-19 pandemic has brought the concept of frailty back to the centre of debate. this article provides a brief outline of the three main models and measurement instruments.
0	coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19)-associated pulmonary thromboembolism: a european case series. patients were admitted to four hospitals in germany, italy, and france. onset of PTE varied from 2 to 4 weeks after the occurrence of the initial symptoms of SARS-CoV-2 infection.
4	impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on emergency CT head utilization in canada. of the total 751 CT head reports, 290 (38.6%) were ordered during the pandesmic. there was a significant increase in acute findings on CT during COVId-19.
0	a 79-year-old man with end-stage renal disease developed COVID-19 pneumonia. the patient was treated with oxygen, broad-spectrum antibiotics, antiviral drugs. after 19 days, an RT-PCR assay for SARS-CoV-2 was negative.
4	nursing students expressed a high level of satisfaction and positive perceptions about this innovative proposal. simulation-based education could be considered in the current COVID-19 situation.
4	an aerosol containment box covers the patient's head and neck in bed. it protects clinicians during aerosol-generating procedures such as intubation. the container is outfitted with an ultra-low particulate air-equipped filtration vacuum device.
0	conjunctivitis as sole symptom of COVID-19: a case report and review of literature. atypical manifestations of SARS-CoV-2, such as photophobia, are also observed. transmission of the virus through ocular fluids remains unknown.
1	healthcare workers exposed to COVID-19 patients had low prevalence of IgM and IgG. no relationship was found between exposure to patients and SARS-CoV-2 antibodies. new studies are needed to assess the prevalence of neutralizing antibodies in HCWs.
0	there are scarce data on how COVID-19 affects people with myasthenia gravis. there is a higher risk of experiencing severe manifestations due to the common use of immunosuppressive drugs. this is one of the early cases of COVId-19 reported in association with mg.
4	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is highly contagious and a particularly popular problem in all around the world. in order to protect the well-being of health care providers while providing a sufficient workforce are vital for pandemic planning.
4	registry of patients with congenital bleeding disorders and COVID-19 in Madrid. study aims to understand incidence of COVId-19, course of disease if it occurs and psychosocial and occupational impact on this population. forty-two patients presented symptoms suggestive of infection by covid-19. cumulative incidence of our series was 1.73%.
3	a new beta-coronavirus was isolated and characterized by sequencing samples from pneumonia patients in Wuhan, Hubei Province, china. the SARS-CoV-2 strain is the emerging seventh member of the coronaviridae family, which is determining a global emergency. in silico analysis is a promising approach for understanding biological events in complex diseases.
4	the coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic is disrupting bariatric and metabolic surgery. current limitations on access to non-urgent care undermine postoperative monitoring. surgical candidates face prolonged delays of beneficial treatment.
6	the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic hit the world in 2020. this triggered a massive dissemination of information (an "infodemic") about the disease. the infodemic also included sensational and distorted information about drugs.
4	the present global pandemic of COVID-19 has brought the whole world to a standstill. the more common causes of morbidity and death in these patients include pneumonia. chest physiotherapy has been shown to improve gas exchange, reverse pathological progression. there are still controversies on whether it can disperse aerosols and accelerate the rate of spread of the infection.
4	the recent COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in increased hand hygiene awareness. alcohol-based hand sanitizers with moisturizers have the least sensitizing and irritancy potential.
4	corona virus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an emerging respiratory infectious disease. this article includes the rearrangement of CT examination room in fever clinic. it also introduced the emergency management procedures of the department of radiology.
4	this qualitative journey mapping evaluation of florida's response focused on care for pregnant women and families with infants exposed to zika virus. the results were framed by the WHO Healthcare Systems Framework of six building blocks: health service delivery, health workforce, access to essential medicines, financing.
6	pharmacogenomics (PGx) is a key area of precision medicine. PharmGKB has built a unique repository of PGx knowledge. tutorial demonstrates some of the main features of the portal.
4	fewer than 150 children in australia and new zealand had documented infection at the time of survey. most paediatric physicians felt informed, and most were willing to work regardless of exposure at work. a large proportion of physicians (86.1%) were worried about becoming infected through their work; few (5.8%) reported that they would not come to work to avoid infection. the closure of schools and daycares would reduce the ability to continue work at current capacity for 23.6% of respondents.
4	this exploratory research examines the association between morbid obesity and deaths from COVID-19. results indicate a statistically significant positive correlation between the estimated population with a body mass index >/= 40 and obesity. our findings suggest it is critical to include an awareness of obesity when developing infectious disease control measures.
0	SARS-CoV-2 predominantly involves the lungs producing acute lung injury. it can also give rise to complications involving the central nervous system, gastrointestinal system, kidney and also viral sepsis.
1	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has created a need for molecular diagnostics. access to RNA extraction reagents can represent a bottleneck for qRT-PCR. we report an "unextracted modification" using CDC's widely utilized primers/probe sets.
4	minoxidil and finasteride were the most prescribed hair loss treatments. "minoxidil" was the most "Googled" term. LLLT was also increasingly prescribed.
6	the ideal treatment of coronavirus disease (COVID)-19 has yet to be defined. convalescent plasma (CoPla) has been successfully employed. over 8 days, the sequential organ failure assessment score dropped significantly.
1	the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic poses a threat to global health. early diagnosis is an essential key to limit the outbreak of the virus. a considerable number of patients presented with olfactory and oral Manifestations.
4	obstetric units affected by COVID-19 highlight the importance of developing new teams and workflows to ensure patient and healthcare worker safety. combining units and staff from different areas and hospitals can allow for synergy opportunities to provision care appropriately.
4	mass media and social networks have played an important role in disseminating information regarding public health. during the COVID-19 epidemic, misinformation and fake news have represented an important issue generating confusion and insecurity among the population.
6	the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has threatened patients, healthcare systems, and all countries across the globe. in the intensive care unit (ICU), a registered dietitian nutritionist (rdn) assists the critical care team by formulating, executing, and monitoring the nutrition strategies and interventions.
1	coronaviruses and the chemical Senses: past, present, and future. olfaction and taste disturbances may be manifestations of the novel COVID-19 pandemic. our goal with this review is to provide a brief overview of published and archived literature.
6	a novel coronavirus, causing the disease COVID-19, spread from Wuhan throughout china. more than 3,400,000 cases and 240,000 deaths have occurred worldwide. there is currently no treatment specifically approved. traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) is grounded in empirical observations.
0	convalescent plasma has not yet been approved for use in patients with COVID-19 infection. however, it is regulated as an investigational product.
4	the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has disrupted everyday life of PD patients, but its clinical impact has not been illustrated. in this study, we investigated the change in physical activity and subsequently clinical symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease during the COVID19 crisis. the amount, duration and frequency of exercise were reduced. reduced exercise was related to a subjective increase in both motor and non-motor symptoms.
4	a stay-at-home social distancing mandate is a key nonpharmacological measure to reduce the transmission rate of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) this study examined the association between the rate of human mobility changes and the rate confirmed cases of COVID-19 infection. the main outcome was the association of state-specific rates of confirmed cases with the change rates of median travel distance and median home dwell time.
4	first italian case of Coronavirus Induced Disease 2019 (COVID19) due to secondary transmission outside china was identified in codogno, Lombardia region. at the moment, 234801 cases have been identified in italy, out of which 90070 in lombardy region. a way to assess the dynamic burden of social anxiety is a context analysis of major social networks activities over the internet.
4	COVID-19 - a novel coronavirus was firstly reported in december 2019. ESTRO RTTC prepared this document in conjunction with an infographic. it covers patient care, RTT workflow, remote working and RT practice.
4	acute appendicitis (AA) is the most common surgical emergency. early laparoscopic appendicectomy is the gold-standard management. COVID-19 brought concerns of increased perioperative mortality. this study describes the impact of the first weeks of the pandemic on the management of AA in the united kingdom.
1	a case series of 67 women test-positive for SARS-CoV-2 in Stockholm, Sweden. the mean age was 32 years, 40% were nulliparous and 61% were overweight or obese. preterm delivery occurred in 19% of the women.
4	the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) first appeared in china and is now spreading worldwide. appropriate use of anesthesia machines and appropriate behavior in the OR are required.
0	anal swab as a potentially optimal specimen for SARS-CoV-2 detection. since december 2019, an outbreak of SARS coronavirus 2 began in Wuhan. positive detection of sars-cov-2 has been found again in several cured COVID-19 patients.
1	a critical shortage of COVID-19 tests has placed severe stress on healthcare systems. this study proposes to generate a more accurate diagnosis model based on patient symptoms. it also aims to cluster patients into subtypes, and discriminate between influenza patients. results: computational methods trained on large clinical datasets could yield ever more accurate diagnostic models.
6	the treatment of critically ill patients with coronavirus disease 2019(COVID-19) faces compelling challenges. convalescent plasma can only be used empirically. the curative effect should be dynamically evaluated.
4	the number of critically ill patients and fatalities keeps rising. this crisis has highlighted the socioeconomic disparities of health care systems. as new CoVID policies and responses are implemented, it is imperative to consider additional mitigation strategies.
3	novel, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) firstly reported in late december of 2019. ACE2 (Angiotensin Converting Enzyme 2) used as a cellular receptor for host cell entry.
4	confidence in health care systems affects mobility and compliance during the COVID-19 pandemic. we track the dynamic responses to the COVID-19 panademic across 38 european countries and 621 regions. societies with low levels of health care confidence initially exhibit a faster response with respect to staying home. regions with higher confidence in the health care system are more likely to reduce mobility once the government mandates citizens are not to leave home except for essential trips.
4	a national survey on kidney transplantation activity in italy in february and march 2020. the survey revealed that, starting from march 2020, there was a decline in kidney transplant activity. a three-round Delphi consensus was promoted by four scientific societies.
4	a cross-sectional online survey was conducted with a nationally representative sample. participants assessed their risks of COVID-19 infection and infection fatality. an increase of 1 quartile in perceived infection risk was associated with being 1.45 times (95% CI=1.33, 1.58) more likely to report handwashing.
4	hospital compounding has faced numerous challenges in the COVID-19 pandemic. the demand for all types of preparations has increased dramatically. this increase has highlighted the shortage of resources allocated to this area.
4	Joint IFS-ISAR-ACE Recommendations on Resuming/Opening up Assisted Reproductive Technology Services. infectivity and mortality rates are higher than previous pandemics and the disease is present in almost every country. when we resume, monitor local conditions, including prevalence of disease, status of government or state regulations, and availability of resource.
4	rapid growth of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has heightened concerns for the safety of healthcare workers. a template design for small-scale quality improvement surveys is proposed. such surveys have the potential for rapid implementation and completion.
4	risk factors associated with occurrence of COVID-19 among household contacts in china. a total of 106 household contacts were included in this study. increasing risk of occurrence was associated with female index patients.
4	the COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted healthcare, authors say. they present an analysis of pre- and intra-pandemic characteristics of their center. the authors hope other providers can use this framework for identifying evolving problems.
4	in the London-Middlesex region of Ontario, a critical shortage of personal protective equipment (PPE) was identified. a group of volunteer administrators, physicians and medical students coordinated the acquisition and redistribution of community-donated PPE to PCPs. their efforts evolved into a complex adaptive system, supported by an organizational body with a pre-existing communication infrastructure.
4	as the COVID-19 pandemic swept through the u.s., our healthcare system mobilized clinical pharmacy services to address critical clinical medication management needs. best practice strategies include converting patients from intravenous (IV) to oral medication, transitioning to IV push medication administration.
1	antiphospholipid antibodies (aPL) prevalence and clinical relationships were investigated in a large cohort of COVID-19 patients. prevalence and titres of serum aPL in 122 patients were compared with 157 patients with primary anti-phospholipid syndrome (pAPS) and 91 patients with other autoimmune rheumatic diseases (oARD) positive LAC was observed in 22.2% COVD-19 vs. 54.1% of PAPS (p0.0001) and 14.
4	this report describes the sources of potential medication shortages in Taiwan. the effect of the COVID-19 crisis on misallocation of medications is also a concern. strategies have been documented and recommended in Taiwan and the u.s.
6	COVID-19 is an emerging infectious disease that has turned into a pandemic. it spreads through droplet transmission of the new coronavirus SARS-CoV-2. multiple candidate vaccines are currently under different stages of development.
4	coronavirus disease (COVID-19) cases reached all over the globe with more than 100,000 cases during the first week of march,2020. a poor understanding of the disease among medical imaging professionals may result in rapid spread of infection. of 700 participants, a total of 550 completed the survey (response rate: 78.57%); 56.7% were males, 85.4.1% were aged 17-26 years, and most were undergraduates (77.6%) and postgraduates (17.
4	this paper discusses a specific case of COVID-19 outbreak in Nagpur, india. panic buying and stockpiling incidents created a sense of food insecurity at local level. the authors suggest specific policy recommendations for addressing the concerns.
4	gastrointestinal endoscopy has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. data on the impact of the pandelic in africa are lacking. a web-based survey was conducted to determine the impact and effects.
4	coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has spread to nearly every country in the world. many countries have implemented social distancing as a measure to "flatten the curve" of the ongoing epidemics. this study compared the individual and combined effectiveness of self-imposed prevention measures and of short-term government-imposed social distingency.
4	the 2019 novel coronavirus (nCoV) pandemic is rapidly developing across the globe. COVID-19 has been linked to neurological illnesses including headache, dizziness, hyposmia, seizures, stroke, alteration of the sensorium. there are enormous possible indirect effects and implications for individuals with Parkinson's disease.
4	COVID-19 has had a crippling effect on the health care systems around the world with cancellation of elective medical services and disruption of daily life. we would like to highlight the learning opportunities offered by the current pandemic and their implication for a better future health care system.
4	close observation and rapid escalation of care is essential for obstetric patients with mild COVID-19. the pandemic forced widespread conversion of in-person to virtual care delivery. telehealth was primed to enable outpatient surveillance of infected patients.
4	professors have unique opportunities to effect change, authors say. they can repurposing their expertise to deploy relevant, timely, practical knowledge. virtual idea blitz organized in response to COVID-19 crisis involved 200 individuals. by the end of the weekend, 21 ideas with corresponding pitches were developed.
1	soaring cases of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) are pummeling the global health system. a mortality risk prediction model enables prediction of physiological deterioration and death up to 20 days in advance. the model achieves an AUC of 0.9621 (95% CI: 0.9464-0.9778), 0.9760 (0.9613-0.9906), and 0.9246 (0.8763-0.9729), respectively.
6	pre-exposure prophylaxis with hydroxychloroquine for high-risk healthcare workers. 440 healthcare workers of four spanish hospitals will be recruited. aim of study is to assess the efficacy of prEP with hcl against placebo.
0	COVID-19 is a viral disease, also known as severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2. neurological manifestations have not been widely reported.
1	this study aims at assessing the analytical and clinical performance of the iFlash(R) anti-SARS-CoV-2 chemiluminescence assay. sensitivities for IgM and IgG after 2 weeks since symptom onset were 62.2% (95% CI: 52.3-71.
6	a pilot randomized controlled trial compares two methods to clear the airways of critically ill children and adults with COVID-19 infection. the study aims to examine the impact of care using a non-invasive oscillating device (NIOD) for chest physiotherapy. participants will be recruited from two intensive care units in canada.
1	a report of 314 patients admitted to the emergency department with suspected pneumonia. 152 patients were COVID-19 negative (48%) and 162 were covid-19 positive (52%), according to RT-PCR results. mixed GGO and consolidation pattern with peripheral and bilateral distribution, multifocal or diffuse abnormalities.
4	telemedicine allows collection of a range of information prior to a patient's admission. it can be used to evaluate the severity and progression of the main disease, other comorbidities, and the urgency of the surgical treatment.
4	community pharmacists have an important role in supporting local health emergency preparedness and response arrangements. this descriptive cross-sectional online survey was conducted in jordan during the COVID-19 outbreak (from 15 to 30 march 2020) participants (n = 726) had a mean age of 26.9 (8.0) years with 71.9% females. pharmacy students made 35.3% of the sample.
4	COVID-19 has fundamentally disrupted the practice of oncology, authors say. but little emphasis has been placed on the significant, and potentially enduring, consequences for how cancer care is delivered. authors: shifts in practice brought about by the pandemic must be accompanied by improved training and awareness, enhanced infrastructure, and evidence-based support.
4	a novel, emerging coronavirus was identified as the infectious agent responsible for a generally mild but sometimes severe and even life-threatening disease. COVID-19 quickly spread from the first epicenter, the city of Wuhan, mainland china, into neighboring countries and became a global pandemic. the outbreak has challenged health systems, straining and overwhelming healthcare facilities and settings, including hospital and community pharmacies.
4	since February 2020, multiple, consecutive ED closures have occurred due to the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) crisis in daegu. this study ascertained the vulnerability of the ED at tertiary hospitals in Daegu with regard to the current standards. a revised triage and surveillance protocol has been proposed to tackle the current crisis.
4	shortages of personal protective equipment including N95 respirators are an urgent concern. UV-C could be useful to reduce contamination on respirators, authors say. however, the technologies studied did not meet pre-established criteria for decontamination.
4	chinese manufacturing workers are confronted with unprecedent occupational and innovation challenges. our research enriches the existing body of knowledge about JCB from a cross-disciplinary angle.
4	the use of facial masks: updated information after covid-19. different, often conflicting indications were given, based on evolving knowledge on the spread mechanism of the virus.
0	a 70-year-old male was transferred to our Department because of subarachnoid hemorrhage. he had ruptured right middle cerebral artery aneurysm and co-existing neurological disease. emergency clipping of the artery and hematoma evacuation was performed. according to the therapeutic committee guidelines, chloroquine was started for COVID-19 treatment.
4	telehealth services are rapidly embraced in uro-oncology due to the COVID-19 pandemic. patients were surveyed about the current situation, and current and long-term employment of telemedicine. 66.0% perceive their susceptibility to COVD-19 as equal to or lower than the general population.
4	this paper studies the initial impact caused by worldwide spread of the coronavirus, such as production disruption of raw material and spare parts. with the trend of regionalization and digitalization, two-step countermeasures are proposed to help the recovery of manufacturing industry within the pandemic.
4	the COVID-19 outbreak spread in china and is a threat to the world. a comprehensive search of the Chinese center for disease control and prevention official websites and announcements was performed between 20 Jan 2019 and 29 Feb 2020.
4	managing gestational diabetes mellitus using a smartphone application with artificial intelligence (sinedie) during the COVID-19 pandemic. the application automatically classifies and analyses the data (ketonuria, diet transgressions, and blood glucose values) making adjustment recommendations regarding the diet or insulin treatment.
4	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has exposed health care system inadequacies. hospital ventilator shortages in italy compelled physicians to consider creative solutions. we add to current knowledge and testing capacity for ventilator splitters.
6	more than 1.6 million americans have been infected with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2. remdesivir and hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) + azithromycin (AZ) have been widely discussed. results of outpatient trials are not expected until September.
6	hydroxychloroquine has been widely administered to patients with covid-19. there is no robust evidence supporting its use in patients with the disease. patients who received hydroxychloroquin were more severely ill at baseline.
4	viral suppression rates in a safety-net HIV clinic in san francisco destabilized. the odds of viral nonsuppression were 31% higher postshelter-in-place. measures to counteract the effect of COVID-19 on HIV outcomes are urgently needed.
1	first wave of the london COVID-19 epidemic peaked in April 2020. little is known about the pattern of suspected covid-19 presentations in primary care. study population includes 55% of people from ethnic minorities and top decile of social deprivation.
6	remdesivir and favipiravir can potentially tackle COVID-19. this review can serve as a reference for future studies.
4	AIDAA consensus guidelines for airway management in the operating room during the COVID-19 pandemic. Optimal pre oxygenation, rapid sequence induction and video laryngoscope aided tracheal intubation (TI) are recommended. high flow nasal oxygen, face mask ventilation, nebulisation, small bore cannula cricothyroidotomy with jet ventilation should be avoided.
0	a single center in the epicenter of the pandemic was infected with COVID-19. two patients presented important respiratory discomfort and eventually died. our novel experience highlights that COVD-19 may negatively impact the postoperative course.
1	this study investigates the clinical and imaging characteristics of mild-to-moderate COVID-19 patients with false-negative nucleic acids. risk factors for false negatives were discussed. the absence of epidemiological exposure may be a potential risk factor.
4	this paper presents the results of quantitative research regarding the level of citizen preparedness for disasters caused by coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in Serbia. the disease was first detected in Wuhan, the capital of china's Hubei province, in December 2019. more than 4.6 million cases have been registered across 216 countries and territories as of 19 April 2020.
4	this paper explores the interrelations between place, space and the spiritual. it identifies the bricolage mechanisms that were developed rapidly by churches to shift towards providing virtual church services. during virtual services, the minister's home is temporally linked to the homes of congregants forming an intersacred space.
4	a web-based survey was conducted in japan during the COVID-19 pandemic. the N95/FFP2 mask was most frequently used than in the international study. intense heat is the most significant symptom, especially for nurses. strategies to protect HCWs from dehydration and intense heat stroke are needed.
0	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) continues to spread globally. changes in the immune and cardiovascular systems were analysed and compared between groups. spleen shrinkage was observed in 27.7% of study patients.
6	COVID-19 is an infectious disease caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) no specific therapy or drug has been formally recommended for use against the infection. the medical community is trialing several therapies that target various antiviral and immunomodulating mechanisms.
1	this systematic review is focused on currently used diagnostic methods for COVID-19 detection and their future prospects. online searches on google scholar, pubmed and online resources were conducted on the period of year 2017 to mid-2020.
6	the rapidly spreading Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) pandemic represents an unprecedented serious challenge to the global public health community. approved specific antiviral drugs against SARS-CoV-2 are still lacking. a large number of existing drugs are being explored as a possible treatment.
4	after the outbreak of COVID-19, medical institutions in china and around the world are facing unprecedented challenges. the expert group of our radiotherapy center immediately formulated comprehensive emergency plans and prevention and control measures. they partitioned the work area, launched online staff training, and optimized the radiotherapy process.
4	OMFS surgeons face dilemmas over priority of treatment and safety of staff. revisiting old techniques and risk stratifying patients is needed. even the wealthiest health care infrastructure is at best fragile.
5	a new coronavirus is spreading rapidly across china and affecting at least 24 other countries. COVID-19 is considered by the world health organization to be a global health emergency. the speed of spread and infectivity are dramatically exceeding those of MERS-CoV.
4	isolation that comes from social distancing can be detrimental to people who use drugs. people with substance use disorders may be at risk for return to use. emergency department providers can best support these individuals.
3	COVID-19 causes a systemic infection that significantly affects the hematopoietic system and hemostasis, factors extremely dependent of light. the unsaturation characteristics of the cyclic porphyrin ring allows it to absorb and emit radiation mainly in the visible region. this characteristic can represent an important differential to change this process in the event of an imbalance in this system.
4	aimed to identify occupational groups at high-risk of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) infection in Korea. estimated number of such workers and prevalence of protective resources by employment status. 1.4 million (women, 79.1%) and 10.7 million workers (46.3%) employed in high risk occupations.
4	domestic violence is a global public health problem. situations that may prompt violence in the family include stress, emotional disappointment, economic factors, bad and cramped housing, and alcohol or drug abuse.
4	the COVID-19 pandemic has had a major impact on clinical practice. safe standards of practice are essential to protect health care workers.
4	social distancing measures seem to be the most effective intervention to slow the spread of disease. the reported effectiveness varies from 10% to more than 90% reduction in the number of infections. real transactional data can reduce uncertainty and provide a less noisy picture of the effectiveness.
4	this paper focuses on the first months of the pandemic in five Latin American countries: Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru. it analyses how the pre-pandemic context, and the government's responses to contain and mitigate the spread have affected the COVID-19 health outcomes. the countries were quick to implement stringent measures and incrementally scaled up their health systems capacity.
4	PC dentistry (PCD) is an approach for providing supportive and palliative dental care in patients with serious life-threatening illness. social isolation can cause an increase in anxiety, hopelessness, psychosocial and existential suffering among these patients. teledentistry can be used with caution to provide at-home care to such patients during the pandemic.
4	two high-volume centers in italy performed 77 robotic and laparoscopic surgeries. patients were tested negative with nasopharyngeal swab before the surgery. intraoperative strategies to prevent smoke formation and pneumoperitoneum spread were adopted.
4	pathogenic viruses represent one of the greatest threats to human well-being. halting the spread of highly contagious diseases is notoriously difficult. monitoring wastewater from urban areas can be used to detect arrival and decline of pathogens.
0	three cases of severe thrombocytopenia during COVID-19 infection are reported. two of the patients were treated with intravenous immunoglobulins and eltrombopag. a good clinical and biological response was achieved in all patients.
4	urologic oncology practice during COVID-19 pandemic: a systematic review on what can be deferred vs. nondeferrable. majority of cancers rely on surgery as primary treatment. treatment of unfavorable intermediate or high-risk prostate cancer, can likely be delayed for 3 to 6 months without affecting oncologic outcomes.
0	COVID-19 is an infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) it was first identified on 8(th)December 2019 in Wuhan, china, and has since spread globally to become an emergency of international concern. patients infected with SARS-CoV-2 may be asymptomatic or present with symptoms ranging from mild clinical manifestations: fever, cough, and sore throat.
4	a novel and innovative mobile communication capability was developed to present health messages in english and spanish with links to fotonovelas. this approach can be used to provide vital information, resources, empathy, and support to the most vulnerable populations.
5	on 31 December 2019 an outbreak of COVID-19 in Wuhan, china, was reported. this study described the spatio-temporal pattern and measured the spatial association of the early stages of the epidemic in mainland china from 16 January-06 February 2020.
1	COVID-19 is the shocking viral pandemics of this year which affected the health, economy, communications, and all aspects of social activities all over the world. we designed a simple electrochemical sensor to selectively detect the intensity of ROS in the sputum sample (with a volume of less than 500 mul) comparing the results of the sensor with clinical diagnostics of more than 140 normal and involved cases resulted in a response calibration with accuracy and sensitivity both 97%.
4	COVID-19 causes severe complications and deaths all over the world. it also has indirect effects from the lockdown and the possible lack of food. the most worried were the elderly patients, patients with other comorbidities and females.
6	COVID-19 is primarily a respiratory disease caused by a newly discovered SARS-CoV-2 virus and identified in the city of Wuhan, china in December 2019. as of now, no effective drug, vaccine, or any procedure is available and experiments are underway. instead of single drug, combination of antivirals with different mechanism of action may be more effective.
4	Telehealth uptake in general practice as a result of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. In March 2020, the Australian Government added new temporary telehealth services to the Medicare Benefits Schedule (MBS) to reduce the risk of patient-patient and patient-clinician transmission of the 2019 coronavirus (COVID-19). Here, the MBS statistics for general practitioner activity and the associated costs are described; a small increase in both activity and costs for the new MBS telehealth items were observed. The opportunities for future research and policy implications are also discussed.
4	the rapid increase in SARS-CoV-2 infections has overwhelmed the Peruvian health system. diagnosis and treatment of acute febrile illnesses, including malaria, has plummeted. COVID-19 could lead to a markedly reduced number of reported malaria cases.
4	early postpartum discharge decreased hospital length of stay among low-risk puerperium patients in a large obstetrical service during the COVID-19 pandemic in new york. women were stratified into two groups based on date of delivery in relation to the start of the covid-19 pan demic.
0	outbreak of COVID-19 led to unprecedented inflow of patients with severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars) optimal in-bed positioning of patients might also help to improve oxygen saturation levels. on the basis of three representative cases, it is possible to propose the following hypotheses. further studies are still needed to assess the benefits of such a strategy.
0	a young woman presented with severe pulmonary embolism without any associated symptoms. she was put on extracorporeal life support and tested positive for COVID-19.
1	throat swab samples from 40 hospitalized patients and 16 non-COVID-19 patients were analyzed. the viral nucleic acid was extracted from the throat samples by one-step cleavage and magnetic bead methods. positive, negative and total coincident rates and kappa value were 95.24%, 100.00%, 96.43% and 0.909, respectively.
0	a 93-year-old woman on haemodialysis treatment recovered from a Covid-19 infection without any significant clinical problems. the patient has shown a delay in viral clearance with swab test negativization (confirmed) after 33 days.
6	a novel coronavirus severe acute respiratory syndrome coV-2 has kept the whole world in tenterhooks due to its severe life-threatening infectious disease, COVID-19. there has been a buzz about the protective effect of BCG vaccine in COVId-19 through long-term boosting of trained immunity. but the lower than a predictable number of SARS-CoV-2 cases in countries with fragile health systems is mystifying.
4	COVID-19 has created enormous challenges for health systems worldwide. the pandemic has sparked increasing use of telehealth in brazil. telemedicine offers capabilities for remote screening, care and treatment.
1	nasal acoustic device (NAD) can accurately measure normal and abnormal nasal breathing. pilot study recruited 27 patients with allergic rhinitis, chronic rhinosinusitis and a deviated nasal septum (DNS) nasal breathing sounds were recorded by the NAD akin to two small stethoscopes placed over the left and right nasal ala.
4	the COVID-19 pandemic poses a great challenge to all aspects of medical activities, including haematopoietic stem cell transplantation. to minimize the risk of infection in transplantation, we focused on preventive measures and strict screening. our transplantation activity was not interrupted due to the effective preventive work.
6	patients with diabetes have been reported to have enhanced susceptibility to severe or fatal COVID-19 infections. authors: DPP4 inhibitors and GLP1 receptor agonists may have a favorable impact on viral entry. addressing potential benefits and harms of novel antidiabetic drugs to clinical prognosis is important.
4	coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has afflicted millions of people worldwide. as of April 2020, close to 10 000 health care workers in the u.s. have contracted COVID 19 despite wearing recommended PPE. standard guidelines for PPE may be inadequate for high-risk aerosolizing procedures such as endotracheal intubation.
6	there is no specific antiviral therapy recommended for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) this trial evaluated the safety and efficacy of 2 dosages of chloroquine diphosphate (CQ) patients were allocated to receive high-dosage CQ (600 mg twice daily for 10 days) or low-dose (450 mg once daily for 4 days) the primary outcome was reduction in lethality by at least 50%.
6	patients with COVID-19 disease present with a wide array of symptoms. older people and patients with underlying disease have an increased risk of developing severe acute respiratory syndrome (sars) once intubated, mortality increases exponentially. there have been no conclusive series of randomised clinical trials demonstrating the efficacy of any one drug or therapy.
0	62-year-old female with COVID-19 developed acute respiratory failure and cardiogenic shock in the setting of a systemic hyper-inflammatory state. treatment with the recombinant interleukin-1 (IL-1) receptor antagonist anakinra and dexamethasone resulted in rapid clinical improvement.
1	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has primarily been described in hospitalized adults. our aim is to provide a description of the demographics, comorbidities, clinical presentation, and social factors in confirmed SARS-CoV-2-positive non-hospitalized adults. the most common presenting symptoms were cough (75.5%), loss of smell or taste (63%), headache (62%), and body aches (54.
4	attendance at tuberculosis centers was lower during the first 4 months of the pandemic in 2020 than for the same period in 2019.
0	COVID-19 is a highly contagious illness caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). lung ultrasound (LUS) is an excellent tool in the characterisation of covid-19 infection and is more available than CT or x-ray.
0	foot manifestations in a patient with COVID-19 and the Epstein-barr virus: a case study. the authors present a clinical case study chronicling the progression of foot issues.
4	since 1980, the world has been threatened by different waves of emerging disease epidemics. it is difficult to stop the occurrence of new pathogens in the future, authors say. authors: it is possible to face a new disease or to reduce the risk of its spread.
4	the current coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic illustrates this at a global level. sudden increased demand on delivery systems puts unique pressures on care pathways. this extraordinary times require efficient tools for smart governance and resource allocation.
1	degree of pulmonary involvement shown in chest CT scans tended to decrease as the prevalence of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) infection decreased in the Turkish population. this study recruited 179 patients with confirmed COVID 19 disease. participants were divided into three successive temporal groups based on their date of CT examination.
6	biological products have broadly applied in the prevention and treatment of severe epidemic diseases. interferon, convalescent plasma, intestinal micro-ecological regulators, vaccines and therapeutic antibodies are promising in blocking novel coronavirus infection.
4	a urologic service in northern italy is the epicenter of the covid-19 pandemic. surgical and ward activities were reviewed during the 4 weeks following the lockdown. about 63%, 70%, 64%, and 71%, decline in surgery, endoscopy, bed occupation.
4	social isolation is likely to be recommended for older adults due to COVID-19. this has increased the need for remote memory clinics. we propose a pathway based on three levels of complexity.
4	cross sectional study in four hospitals in Wuhan, china. 420 healthcare professionals deployed to Wuhan for 6-8 weeks. study participants provided with appropriate personal protective equipment.
4	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a global health crisis. experts are warning that changes in all areas of life could potentially be far more drastic than ever experienced in the entire human civilization. new autopsy guidelines in forensic medicine have been formulated based on the various infectious diseases that we presently live with and may encounter in the future.
6	novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) first detected in patients with pneumonia in china. it has since been confirmed as the pathogen for the new coronaviral pneumonia. infected elderly people show fast progression and severe manifestations with a high proportion in critical condition. consensus covers assessment, clinical nursing, discharge care, and other aspects of care.
0	a patient presented with acute abdominal pain during the COVID-19 pandemic. his work-up revealed rupture of a 5.8 cm abdominal aortic aneurysm. he underwent successful endovascular repair under local anesthesia.
6	combination of hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin is used in the treatment of COVID-19 in Marseille, france. good clinical outcome and virological cure were obtained in 973 patients within 10 days (91.7%) prolonged viral carriage was observed in 47 patients (4.4%) and was associated to a higher viral load at diagnosis (p .001) all but one, were PCR-cleared at day 15.
6	colchicine has immunomodulatory, anti-inflammatory, and anti-viral properties. study included all consecutive COVID-19 patients admitted between 1 march 2020 and 30 may 2020. patients receiving colchicina were approximately five times more likely to be discharged by day 28.
4	in Italy, 128,948 confirmed cases and 15,887 deaths of people who tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 were registered as of 5 April 2020. a new model predicts the course of the epidemic to help plan an effective control strategy.
6	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has spread globally since it outbroke in december 2019. urgent challenge to develop and identify effective medication therapy strategies. experts summarize and evaluate the current treatment drugs and regimens.
6	lactoferrin is a naturally occurring iron-binding glycoprotein, produced by mucosal epithelial cells and neutrophils in various mammalian species, including humans. novel interest has been rising towards its potential application in the field of dry eye and viral infections.
1	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID 19) is a communicable disease caused by a novel coronavirid. this study aimed to assess selfreported frequency of gastrointestinal symptoms and olfactory or taste disorders in nonhospitalized patients with COVID19 in Poland.
3	envelope protein is one of the structural viroporins (76-109 amino acids long) present in the coronavirus. sixteen sequentially different E-proteins were observed from a total of 4917 available complete SARS-CoV-2 genomes as on 18th June 2020 in the NCBI database.
4	the government had constructed a three-pronged approach to curb the spread of COVID-19. it includes travel, healthcare and community measures. early preparation started in January 2020 when Wuhan was declared as the epicentre of the epidemic.
0	autoimmune pancreatitis (aip) is a rare, steroid-responsive disease. concurrent treatment with immunosuppressants increases the risk of developing a severe form of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) this patient recovered from COVID-19 without complications.
4	the outbreak of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) worldwide had evidenced the opportunity to increase the interaction between specialist and primary care physician. the goal of PCP is to reduce travels and visits in specialized center for liver disease patients.
0	a 58-year-old man presented with acute abdominal pain and was diagnosed with acute pancreatitis. he did not have any respiratory symptoms, but had radiological evidence of lung involvement.
0	an 82-year-old man developed an anterior ST-elevation myocardial infarction. he also developed a left ventricular thrombus while an inpatient following a diagnosis of severe COVID-19 infection. his D-dimer was significantly elevated at 12,525 ng/mL (normal range 243) he unfortunately died despite management with thrombolysis, warfarin and non-invasive ventilation.
4	in this communication, we would like to share our experience in managing TORS patients during COVID-19 pandemic.
4	COVID-19 has caused more than 6.1 million confirmed cases in 188 countries. the current pandemic has put routine surgeries all around the world on hold. this review focuses on precautions surgeons have to take while managing facial trauma patients in the emergency department.
1	between 23 march and 28 April 2020, a total of 162 patients with a positive PCR for SARS-CoV-2 died in our NHS trust. COVID-19 infection was documented as the direct cause of death in 150 (93%).
1	coronavirus induced disease 2019 (COVID-19) outbreak caused by SARS-CoV-2 in Wuhan (China) is currently spreading rapidly worldwide. we recently reported a laboratory protocol for the diagnosis of COVID19 based on real-time reverse transcriptase PCR assays using two primer sets, N and N2.
4	a national decline in organ transplants has accompanied the substantial burden of COVID-19. lung transplantation (LTx) remains a critical life-saving operation. our LTx practice during the early pandemic may provide a blueprint.
6	a vaccine against severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) is in development. as of mid-August 2020, more than 20 million people have been infected and more than 760 000 lives have been lost worldwide. the threat of this virus to health, the economy and to society is so great that the wish for a fast track vaccine is understandable, but how realistic is it?
4	the recent COVID-19 pandemic has led to major organisational changes. more than 90 % of the centres practising ECT experienced a decrease in their activity. post-pandemic psychiatric care is expected to be difficult.
4	isolation measures can significantly reduce the epidemic final size and the number of dead. the greater the intensity of measures, the better, but duration of the epidemic will be prolonged. taking measures as early as possible makes the maximum number of patients appear later. as long as possible, high-intensity isolation measures should be taken in time for patients with mild symptoms.
4	study aims to highlight the vulnerability of the aged amidst the current COVID-19 pandemic. of the total sample of elderly individuals, 27.7% reported suffering from an ailment in the last 15 days. hospitalization rate was higher in the urban areas and richest economic quintile.
4	COVID-19 pandemic necessitates implementation of exposure control measures. healthcare professionals who work in ophthalmology clinics and theaters are amidst the highest at-risk. authors demystify and explain the exposure control options available.
4	study evaluated pain, functional impairment, mental health, daily activity in patients with end-stage hip and knee osteoarthritis. patients rated their pain level on the basis of a visual analog scale. physical activity significantly decreased during lockdown.
6	remdesivir is given intravenously because it is poorly absorbed orally. infants are not likely to absorb clinically important amounts of the drug from milk. until more data are available, mothers receiving drug should monitor infants during breastfeeding.
4	coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is a global health emergency with over 6 million cases worldwide as of the beginning of June 2020. there have been concerns about the accuracy of case counts due to issues such as lack of access to testing and difficulty in measuring recoveries. tweets were analyzed using an unsupervised machine learning approach called the biterm topic model.
4	COVID-19 has led to a significant decrease in specialized health services. there was a decrease of 87% in encounters (156 patients were seen only) in weill Cornell medical college in NYC and a decline of 59% (569 patients) in intravitreal injections at the Ophthalmic Consultants of Boston and Tufts university school of medicine in Boston.
4	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is causing tremendous damage globally. the republic of Korea is a leader in the fight against the pandemic and coping well with the disaster. onsite mass workplace testing for COVID 19 is proving a valuable countermeasure.
4	a large tertiary first-class hospital in hong kong responded to the epidemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) the hospital conducted telephone, wechat follow-up, and online education. to guarantee the security of medical staff and recipients, we made detailed approaches to prevent COVID19, which mainly included 6 aspects of preventive approaches.
4	a pandemic-related stay-at-home policy reduces stroke emergency services. this effect appears to be more prominent for ED encounters, all stroke admissions and TIAs. given the relatively low prevalence of COVID-19 cases in our region, this decrement is likely related to healthcare seeking behavior rather than capacity saturation.
2	the novel of COVID-19 disease started in late 2019 making the worldwide governments came across a high number of critical and death cases. to address these issues, researchers and authorities are mainly concerned with carrying out quantitative studies (modeling and predictions) overcoming the scarcity of tests that lead us to under-reporting cases in Brazil.
0	a 35-year-old man died of massive pulmonary emboli due to COVID-19 infection. the patient was previously healthy.
6	study of the structural, chemical descriptors and optoelectronic properties of the drugs hydroxychloroquine and Azithromycin. most of the descriptores presented show association with some processes, including absorption, blood-brain barrier transport, binding and even toxicity.
6	a single dose of an adenovirus-vectored vaccine provides protection against SARS-CoV-2 challenge. the unprecedented coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) epidemic has created a worldwide public health emergency. this study suggests that the mucosal vaccination may provide a desirable protective efficacy.
4	the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has posed an unprecedented challenge to governments worldwide. this study examines how the most-read state-owned newspaper in china, people's daily, used an online social networking site, Sina weibo, to communicate about COVID 19. the objective is to examine the content, message style, and interactive features of COVId-19-related posts and determine their effects on public engagement.
1	a rapid-access lymph node core-biopsy clinic was able to diagnose lymphoma in 27/32 (84%) of cases. the diagnostic interval (time from first health visit to diagnostic biopsy was significantly shorter. this may serve as a guide to minimize diagnostic delay during the COVID-19 pandemic.
0	erythema pernio-like in four adolescents in the era of SARS-CoV-2 infection. study reported 4 adolescents with skin lesions, 2 weeks after a flu-like syndrome. lesions were rounded, with blurred limits, with a 5-15 mm diameter, red-violaceous-bluish colored, sometimes resulting in bullous lesions.
4	long-term care homes have been the epicentre of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic in canada to date. previous research shows that for-profit homes deliver inferior care across a variety of outcome and process measures. we used hierarchical logistic and count-based methods to model the associations between profit status of LTC homes (for-profit, nonprofit or municipal) and outbreaks.
4	COVID 19 has become a threat to mankind affecting millions of people worldwide. u.s., italy and spain has highest number of Coronavirus cases as of 2020. some new studies and findings have come to light.
1	a novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) caused an outbreak in Wuhan, china, in december. it was believed that 2019-ncoV was transmitted through respiratory tract and induced pneumonia. our report provides a cautionary warning that this virus may be shed through multiple routes.
1	biosensing based on field-effect transistors (FET): Recent progress and challenges. this review presents the basic structural setup and working principle of different types of FET devices. it also focused on the latest progression regarding the recognition of viruses such as, recently emerged COVID-19, Influenza, hepatitis B Virus, protein biomarkers, nucleic acids, bacteria, cells, and various ions.
4	transmission of SARS-CoV-2 to health care workers is a major burden in the current COVID-19 pandemic. respiratory protection such as filtering face piece masks (FFP2) is required to prevent transmission during aerosol generating procedures. worldwide shortage of respirators triggered the development of reprocessing used FFP2 respirators or N95 respirators as standard in the us.
4	this technical report presents information related to the social isolation index (sii) of the city of caruaru, pernambuco, brazil. the data was provided by in loco, a technology startup that collects the movement of around 60 million Brazilians through cell phone location.
6	anti-viral vaccines successful in the past are summarized here by virus type and vaccine type. focus is on viruses with both single-stranded RNA genomes and a membrane envelope. primary strategy should be development of vaccine antigens that are live-attenuated viruses.
4	the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-COV-2) pandemic was associated with changes in the pattern of acute cardiovascular admissions across european centers. data from 54,331 patients were collected and analyzed. the risk of death at the emergency departments was higher in 2020 compared to 2019 (odds ratio [OR] with 95% CI: 4.1 [3.0-5.8], P  0.0001).
0	this case report describes a patient with no past psychiatric history. clinicians should consider COVID-19 in their differential diagnosis.
6	physicochemical properties of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 are discussed. viral structure, size, rigidity, lipophilicity, buoyant density and centrifugation conditions are reviewed. possible inactivation, downstream, and formulation conditions are given.
1	a rapid isothermal amplification and portable detection system for SARS-CoV-2 has been developed. the assay uses a simple and accessible point-of-care instrument. it demonstrates an alternative pathway for diagnostics that does not require conventional laboratory infrastructure.
6	the COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted an important role for drug repurposing. quaternary ammonium compounds are widely accessible antiseptic molecules with well-known broad-spectrum antiviral activities.
1	increased body mass index (BMI) has been associated with higher risk of severe coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) infections. but whether obesity is a risk factor for contracting covid-19 has not been investigated so far. of the 18,940 study population, 11,755 (62.1%) were women, and the mean (SD) age of the study participants was 53.7 (13.8) years.
1	a newly identified coronavirus emerged in Wuhan (China) in december 2019. a retrospective study was conducted to evaluate the capacity of three event-based surveillance systems to detect early COVID-19 emergence signals.
4	rapid expansion of telemedicine in response to COVID-19 pandemic raises concerns. authors: as healthcare system becomes increasingly virtual, it risks widening disparities. they outline important recommendations that governments and health care systems can adopt.
0	coronavirus disease 2019 was declared a global pandemic by the world health organization on march 11, 2020. there is a scarcity of data on coronaviral disease 2019-related brain imaging features. we present 5 cases that illustrate varying imaging presentations of acute encephalopathy.
4	many triage policies exist that fall under the legal protections afforded by "crisis standards of care" we examine one of the most fundamental differences among policies. optimal policies for critical care resource allocation and the use of cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) should not use categorical exclusions.
6	annual vaccination is the best tool for influenza prevention, but its effectiveness can vary from year to year. the challenge of creating a highly effective universal influenza vaccine takes on renewed intensity in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic.
0	COVID-19 is a severe acute respiratory syndrome caused by sARS-cov-2. the chance of incidental pulmonary findings suggestive of COVId-19 at PET/CT is not negligible. asymptomatic lymphoma patients should be prepared to suspect covid-19, authors say.
4	repurposing 0.5% povidone iodine solution in otorhinolaryngology practice in covid 19 pandemic.
1	the new corona virus SARS-CoV-2 causes a disease called COVID-19 (coronavirus disease 2019) laboratory medicine specialists are currently focused on proving the presence of the virus and defining biomarkers that would enable the prediction of disease progression.
6	corticosteroids dampen the dysregulated immune system and sometimes are prescribed for pneumonia. but their effectiveness in the treatment of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) remains controversial.
0	interleukin-1 receptor antagonist anakinra in association with remdesivir in severe COVID-19: a case report. this case highlights the high tolerability and the interesting immunomodulatory profile of the IL1 receptor antagonist. further studies are needed to confirm the safety and efficacy of this combination strategy.
4	low prevalence and disease severity of COVID-19 in post-liver transplant recipients-A single centre experience. liver transplant recipients appear to have a low incidence and less severe symptoms than expected. this possibly could be related to self-isolation adherence and/or the 'ideal' level of immunosuppression that favourably modulates the immune response.
4	telemedicine has increased the otolaryngologist's reliance on outpatient pathology. the nature of the technology limits a provider's ability to obtain a physical exam. a smartphone-based otoscopic attachment is now available.
4	personal protective equipment is effective in preventing infection among healthcare workers. blood samples were taken every 2 weeks to test for SARS-CoV-2 antibodies.
3	Ginkgolic acids (GA) are alkylphenol constituents of ginkgo biloba. GA inhibits herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) by inhibition of both fusion and viral protein synthesis.
4	there are scarce data on the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on liver transplantation in Europe. this study sought to obtain a preliminary data on incidence, management, and outcome. crude incidence of covid-19 among LT candidates and in 272 LT recipients was estimated 1.05%.
4	the recent pandemic caused by the 2019 outbreak of novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) has affected more than 3.0 million people resulting  212,000 deaths across 215 countries/territories as on 28th April 2020. the importation of the cases owing to enormous international travels from the affected countries is the foremost reason for local cycle of transmission.
6	the ongoing COVID-19 epidemic has brought to the fore many concerns related to use of immunosuppressive agents (ISAs) in dermatology. rationalizations based on the specific immune effects of each drug, and existing literature on incidence of various infections with each, are possible.
4	the several weeks pandemic of the COVID-19 disease has forced the healthcare systems of numerous countries to adjust their resources. managers were presented with the challenge of protecting the healthcare workers from transmission of the disease within medical institutions.
4	hospitals around the world are working to meet the demand for patients ill with the 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19) several countries have reported lower numbers as well as less morbidity and mortality for pediatric patients. this study describes the response from 2 west coast freestanding academic children's hospitals.
4	global pandemics: the role of the WHO and other public health bodies. response strategies adopted by international and national public health agencies.
4	rising international concern about zoonotic origins of many global pandemics. livelihood and market patterns tend to degrade ecosystems and their services. this reduces natural regulating capacities of ecosystem services to limit disease transfer. measures to protect or restore ecosystems constitute investment in foundational capital.
6	incidence of venous thromboembolism (vte) events in COVID-19 patients remains high. a systematic review was conducted to explore the association between therapeutic-dose anticoagulation and its effect on mortality. quality assessment using the Newcastle-ottawa scale (NOS) showed a mean score of 7.5 +/- 1.06.
0	as of April 7, 2020, approximately 1,300,000 cases and 80,000 deaths related to coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) health care infrastructures and resources are currently being strained globally. there has been little clinical guidance or information regarding life-threatening conditions requiring emergency operation that cannot be delayed.
4	home monitoring of lung function in asthma and cystic fibrosis may help detect deterioration at an early stage, but the reliability is unclear. the mean difference (home measurement was subtracted from clinical measurement) in FEV1 was 0.18 L in CF (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.08-0.27 L; p  0.001) and 0.12 L in asthma (95% CI 0.05-0.19 L); p = 0.001.
6	a severe cutaneous drug reaction resembling acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis resulting from ingestion of hydroxychloroquine has been documented. it is distinguishable by its longer incubation period, more varied morphology with initially urticarial and later targetoid and arcuate plaques, recalcitrance to therapy and longer duration.
1	coronaviruses (CoV) are pleomorphic RNA viruses containing crown-like peplomers of 80-160 nm in size. COVID-19 virus has rapidly spread worldwide after china and is continuing to cause huge economic and social impacts. there is no vaccination or drug developed for the treatment of this disease up to today.
4	preventive measures must be taken and taught before any planned gynaecological or obstetrical surgery. specific technics to put on and safely remove personal protective equipment should be implemented.
4	a worldwide pandemic caused by the novel acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 has resulted in a new and lethal disease termed COVID-19. the objective of this document is to provide recommendations for a systematic approach for the care of patients with an acute myocardial infarction.
4	this study aims to establish the association between meteorological factors and COVID-19 in high risk areas of the u.s. average temperature, minimum relative humidity, and precipitation were better predictors to address the meteorological impact on covid-19. the overall relative risk percentage (RR %) reduction was not significantly negative up to 85 degrees f.
4	global impact of COVID-19 pandemic has led to a rapid development and utilization of mobile health applications. these are addressing the unmet needs of healthcare and public health system including contact tracing, health information dissemination, symptom checking and providing tools for training healthcare providers.
6	up to 25% of COVID-19 cases exhibit neurological manifestations. intranasal drug delivery, in addition to intravenous delivery, may be a therapeutic strategy.
6	rheumatological diseases often require immunosuppressive therapy. Vaccinations can protect those affected, both individually and by generating herd immunity. knowledge of the indications and application of the individual vaccinations is important.
4	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) outbreak among adolescents at an inpatient behavioral health hospital. patients most commonly presented with sore throat (37%), nausea/vomiting (32%), cough, shortness of breath, or fever.
1	an integrated machine learning framework on chest CT images for differentiating COVID-19 from general pneumonia was developed and validated. the classification accuracy (ACC), sensitivity (SEN), specificity (SPE) of our proposed method yield 94.16%.
4	post-mortem surveillance in Ireland discloses skin-test negative cattle with presumptive evidence of infection of mycobacterium bovis. laboratory confirmation of lesions has impacts on trade restrictions for herds. study represents a rapid response to developing an evidential base for policy demands during an extraordinary event, the COVID-19 epidemic in Ireland.
6	study aims to explore effectiveness and safety of oral corticosteroids (prednisone) in the treatment of early stage SARS-Cov-2 pneumonia in patients who do not yet meet hospital admission criteria. patients will be stratified by the presence or not of radiological data on pneumonia.
6	interleukin-6 (IL-6) is an important component of the COVID-19 cytokine storm. tocilizumab is a specific antagonist of IL-6, and may block the inflammatory response. the specific clinical efficacy of the drug is worth studying. of the 19 patients in this group, 13 (68.4%) had significantly improved symptoms.
4	the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic continues to spread and evolve across the planet. the ostensibly late arrival of the virus in africa has allowed learning, innovation, and adaptation of methods that have been successful in the early-hit countries. adaptations of the singapura pandemia response model would bode well for africa's response to the COVID19 pandemy, authors say.
4	high-resolution manometry is essential for diagnosis of functional gastrointestinal disorders. but it contains risks of droplet infection, contact infection and aerosol-borne infection. screening tests such as PCR, serology test to detect COVID-19 antibodies, and CT scan should be considered.
6	two therapies for chronic fibrotic lung disease are now approved by the FDA. amidst a flurry of newly developed and repurposed drugs, few have emerged as effective. there is growing enthusiasm to study anti-fibrotic therapy for inevitable lung fibrosis.
4	diabetes has emerged as a major comorbidity in a large proportion of patients infected with COVID-19 and is associated with poor health outcomes. we aim to provide a practical guidance on screening of hyperglycemia in persons without known diabetes in low resource settings.
4	the number of COVID-19 cases, number of deaths and growth rate of recorded infections: (1) are positively associated with population density. age of the population in a given country is an indication of that population's susceptibility to the virus. the effects of gross domestic product and number of tourists were non-linear.
4	children have not suffered as much from the direct effects of COVID-19 infection as older adults. closing of schools has been a critical component of social isolation. reopening of schools is therefore essential to recovery.
4	hospital pharmacy services have adapted to respond to a critical situation in response to the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic. drug distribution systems have undergone transformations to guarantee the distribution of medicines and the quality of pharmaceutical care. the increase in the number of beds in out-of-hospital spaces has challenged Pharmacy Services.
1	qRT-PCR is currently used for the detection of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), the causative agent of covid-19. finding a rapid, easy-to-use, and cheap diagnostic method is necessary to help control the current outbreak. this paper provides an overview of microfluidic devices as diagnostic methods for RNA viruses.
6	antimalarial medications have been found to have in vitro efficacy against SARS-CoV-2. clinicians are conflicted regarding the usage of these medications. this manuscript will examine the available data from recent clinical and preclinical trials.
4	logistical challenges of rapidly and accurately identifying those patients who needed to shield during the COVID-19 pandemic were unprecedented. we report our experiences of meeting this challenge for >9,000 patients with rheumatic and musculoskeletal disease at our centre.
1	age-related differences in SARS-CoV-2 testing in the northern region of new zealand. low incidence of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in children may reflect under-testing. age-adjusted testing rate was three times higher in adults than in children. proportion of tests positive differed significantly between those 10 years old (0.08%) and those 10-14 years old (2.6%).
4	continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) has become a widely used tool in the ambulatory setting. the accuracy of some CGM systems has recently improved to the point of manufacture. this commentary addresses what is needed to bring CGM into the hospital.
6	COVID-19 is a novel coronavirus disease, affecting 9 million people in the past five months and causing >460,000 deaths worldwide. just few studies have a sufficiently valid design to provide reliable information for clinical practice.
4	Adaptations have been proposed for resuscitation of infants born to women with COVID-19. changes impact respiratory procedures, personal protective equipment use, teamwork. physical distancing measures and PPE impede family-integrated care.
1	this study aims to analyze the epidemiological and clinical features of coronavirus disease 19 (COVID-19) in a Moroccan pediatric population. the mean (SD) age of the 74 children (40 girls) was 7 (1.5) years. 54 children were asymptomatic, while eight had fever, and five cases had cough.
0	an outbreak of novel coronavirus pneumonia occurred worldwide since december 2019. delivery process will produce large amount of contaminated media. careful planning and detailed preparation can improve the safety of the mother and infant.
6	hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) and azithromycin combination shown effectiveness as a treatment for COVID-19. combination is being used widely all around the world. despite that those drugs are known to cause prolonged QT interval individually there is no study assessing the impact of this combination on electrocardiography. of the 109 patients included in the study, the mean age was 57.3 +/- 14.4 years and 48 (44%) were male.
0	patients 55 years of age or older are at higher risk of severe illness. a potentially fatal pulmonary complication of sickle cell disease, acute chest syndrome, can be precipitated by acute infections, including respiratory viruses. the patient was treated with emergent red blood cell exchange in order to avoid endotracheal intubation.
1	intensive care unit nurses face a high risk of developing somatic symptom disorder. symptom clusters in one population may show overlaps and involvements. the research results are expected to provide evidence for a better management strategy.
4	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID19) has become the biggest challenge for the whole human community since many years. in a significant proportion of patients, there are no clinical manifestations of the disease, and symptoms may be very mild or atypical. there is a growing body of evidence that digestive manifestations are frequently reported and may precede typical respiratory symptoms.
4	study: regular physical activity can be successfully initiated and sustained during a lockdown. 77% of highly active people and 58% of low active people exercised as much or more. the Belgian government's central promotion of exercise likely contributed to lockdown success.
4	patients may be afraid to pursue care in ED due to perceived risk of infection. a total of 34,213 ED visits occurred during the study periods. patients were less likely to be female and more likely to arrive by ambulance.
4	home-made masks with filtration efficiency for nano-aerosols for community mitigation of COVID-19 pandemic. novel coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) epidemic emerged in december 2019. shortage of medical masks remains an unresolved problem.
4	the COVID-19 pandemic has brought new challenges to the health care community. many of the super-speciality practices are planning to re-open after the lockdown is lifted. this article is to develop preferred practice patterns, by developing a consensus amongst the lead experts, that would help the institutes as well as individual vitreo-retina and uveitis experts to restart their practices with confidence.
3	a high level of cardiorespiratory fitness may confer some protection against COVID-19. the symptoms of SARS-CoV-2 and the subsequent prognosis are worsened in individuals with preexisting comorbidities prior to infection by the virus. individuals with obesity or overweight, insulin resistance, and diabetes typically have chronic low-grade inflammation.
6	COVID-19 pandemic is an emergent cardiovascular risk factor and a major cause of mortality worldwide. thromboembolism is highly suspected as a leading cause of death in these patients through vascular inflammation caused by SARS COV2.
4	COVID-19 has changed standard urology practice around the world. patients with benign and disabling conditions are suffering delays in medical attention. this document proposes a strategy to reorganize female and functional urological activity.
4	the 2019 coronavirus infection (called SARS-CoV-2) began in Wuhan, spread rapidly throughout the world. exponential growth of cases is overwhelming health care systems with overcrowding of hospitals and overflowing Intensive Care Units. in some countries doctors are working with insufficient protection and are constantly at risk of contracting covid-19.
0	myoclonus in patients with coronavirus disease 2019: a multicenter case series. one patient died during the study period; five were extubated cognitively intact. in five cases, the myoclenus completely resolved within 2 days of onset.
4	our initial response to COVID-19 has been plagued by failures-many of which have extended inequity within and across populations, especially in low- and middle-income countries. the global health governance of pandemic preparedness and response needs to move away from advocacy of a one-size-fits-all approach.
4	COVID-19 has disrupted the normal delivery of healthcare for spine surgeons. in this review, we will provide an overview of the virus' clinical features. we will also discuss the optimization and treatment of spine pathology.
6	convalescent plasma is the only antibody-based therapy currently available for COVID-19. although promising, it has not yet been shown to be safe as a treatment. mortality rate in the first 4 hours after transfusion was 1%. 7-day mortality rate was 14.9%.
6	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) disease is becoming a global pandemic. there is scarce information regarding the global prevalence of chronic liver disease in individuals with COVID19 disease.
4	web-based survey assesses knowledge and beliefs of the Indian public. lack of approved treatments and vaccines during COVID-19 pandemic. students less likely to have a lower level of USP knowledge than other occupations. there is a need for long-term educational interventions.
0	clinical course of COVID-19 pneumonia in a patient undergoing pneumonectomy. pathology findings during the incubation period. clinical information about patients undergoing lung resection while infected with this virus are still scarce.
6	ruxolitinib, a JAK1 and JAK2 inhibitor, has been successfully used to treat severe immune-mediated diseases. our data collection shows a rapid clinical response with no evolution from non-invasive ventilation to mechanical ventilation in 16/18 patients.
4	the COVID-19 pandemic was declared by the world health organization on 11 march 2020. the rapid spread of SARS-CoV-2 required an equally rapid response from health-care organizations. this case study aims to evaluate how an interprofessional workforce could be supported to work in critical care as part of a crisis response.
4	air carrier's liability results from bodily injury or death that are caused by an accident. this paper will study the scope of the safety measures as required by ICAO to prevent the spread of COVID-19.
4	the 40 health systems, covid-19 study aimed to investigate relationships between governments' capacity to respond (CTR), their response stringency, and COVID-19 outcomes. the best performing national cluster (comprising australia, south Korea, Iceland and Taiwan) adopted relatively early stringency measures but broader testing earlier than others.
0	this case series describes 3 patients with Down syndrome and respiratory failure secondary to coronavirus infection. patients with congenital heart disease, airway obstruction, and pulmonary hypertension present a unique challenge.
4	the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic is causing profound changes in worldwide health care systems. the lockdown is having severe effects on the otolaryngology medical and surgical activities in italy. physicians and nurses are exposed to a high risk of contagion through virus aerosol transmission.
4	a coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic is an important health crisis worldwide. a number of strategies have been implemented to combat the disease. the impact of these strategies remains largely unclear. we compared the incidences of these diseases from week 45 of 2016 to week 21 of 2020.
4	coronavirus pandemic has led people to believe that nothing will be the same as before. the present day is dominated by studies on determining the factors that affect, taking preventive actions, and trying to find an effective treatment on top priority. temperature ( degrees C), dew point ( degrees c), humidity (%), and wind speed (mph) are considered as parameters of weather.
6	this review provides a brief description of recently published articles addressing topics relevant to pediatric cardiologists. the articles address cardiac resynchronization in children with symptomatic ventricular dysfunction and dyssynchrony which seems to result in higher transplant-free survival.
1	CT imaging features of 4121 patients with COVID-19: a meta-analysis. most patients presented bilateral lung involvement or multilobar involvement. patchy and ground-glass opacities were common chest CT findings.
6	COVID-19 has quickly spread around the globe causing a pandemic. effective treatments to mitigate the burden and reduce mortality rates are urgently needed.
6	no drugs have been approved yet to treat infections with human coronaviruses. current focus is on repurposing of drugs that have already been approved or are in development for other conditions.
3	many viruses, including HIV, use RNA as their genetic material. how viruses harness RNA structure and RNA-protein interactions to control their replication remains obscure. recent advances in the characterization of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase reveal how reverse transcription complex evolves during initiation.
4	in dec 2019, a novel pathogen emerged, and within weeks, led to the emergence of the biggest global health crises seen to date. the virus called 'SARS-CoV-2', causes coronavirus disease which was named 'COVID-19' by the world health organization.
4	the COVID-19 global pandemic has had a significant impact on the practice of applied behavior analysis (ABA) many behavior analytic practitioners are seeking guidance from regulatory bodies. this article outlines some actions that state licensing bodies may consider to assist ABA practitioners and consumers during this unprecedented time.
4	ED visits decreased significantly from 89.1 to 57.0 (-36.0%, IRR 0.69, 95% CI 0.67-0.70) proportions of 'Resuscitation' and 'Emergency' triage level were increased (29.1% vs 19.2%, P  0.001) total ED admission rate and ICU admission rate were also increased (33.5% v s 28.3%, P = 0.
4	this guideline stipulates the health protection requirements for hotels reconstructed as isolation places for close contacts during COVID-19 outbreak. it is applicable to general hotels, conference center, sanitariums, etc.
6	the 2019 novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) has spread quickly in china. no drug or vaccine for treating human this infection is available yet. the pharmaceutical industry is progressively targeting phytochemical extracts, medicinal plants, and aromatic herbs.
4	infectious diseases society of america developed rapid guidelines. guidelines intended to support HCP in decisions about infection prevention. panel agreed on eight recommendations and provided narrative summaries of other interventions undergoing evaluations.
3	growing evidence supports roles for probiotic bacteria and prebiotic dietary fiber. synbiotic combinations of PB and DF can significantly modulate immune responses. this knowledge may guide the development of targeted nutritional strategies.
4	COVID-19 was first identified in iran in february 2020 and since then it spread rapidly through all over the country and soon after that it was reported as a pandemic. the current study presents a preliminary report of spine trauma management during COVId-19 pandemic.
4	in this paper, we provide an overview of city-level information, in combination with analytical and operational capacity. we present five components (movement, facilities, people, information, and engagement) that have been investigated but remain siloed to successfully orchestrate an integrated pandemic response.
4	intra-aortic balloon pump (IABP) is most widely available device for short-term mechanical circulatory support. complex interaction with the cardiovascular system remains challenging and open to debate. aim of this work was to develop a new numerical model of IABP.
4	a large number of infections have been reported among healthcare workers. this study investigated the occurrence of SARS-CoV-2 infection among HCWs. an integrated strategy was adopted to prevent the transmission in the hospital.
4	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is the name of the disease supposedly manifested in december 2019 from the virus named SARS-CoV-2. here, we have studied covid-19 sustainability on various surfaces. Various disinfectants and their roles are discussed from the available literature.
3	COVID-19, caused by the novel coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, has spread rapidly worldwide. Zambia identified the first case within 48 h of the individual entering the country by air travel from a trip to france. whole genome sequence analysis should be part of all surveillance and case detection activities.
0	COVID-19 is a pneumonia caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). the outbreak began in wuhan, china, and spread rapidly, with many cases confirmed in multiple countries. after viral pneumonia were clinical cured, the pulmonary lesions of majority patients will gradually be absorbed to complete dissipation. but very few severe patients may retain pulmonary interstitial inflammation and fibrosis.
0	case of COVID-19 in a 5-week-old baby in scotland. the infant presented with fever and increased sleepiness. there was no known contact with any unwell individuals. infant's course was uneventful and she has made a full recovery.
4	healthcare collapse should be prevented by sufficient supply of ventilators for caring the rapidly growing number of critically ill patients with COVID-19. we estimated the number of invasive and noninvasive ventilator that would be required in Okinawa at the peak of the outbreak. the higher supply over the demand would be achieved by implementing public health interventions to delay and suppress the epidemic peak.
4	lack of knowledge among health care professionals leads to diagnostic delays, spread of disease. study aims to assess the knowledge of health care professional regarding COVID-19 in a medical college in chitwan, nepal. questionnaire sent out to 724 potential responders from medical, dental, nursing, and allied health sciences in Chitwan Medical College.
1	lung ultrasound has been shown to be an effective tool to exclude significant life-threats in resource poor settings. emergency physicians will use these algorithms during the upcoming respiratory pandemic.
4	this study assesses the knowledge, perceptions and attitude of the patients with cancer towards the COVID-19 pandemic. participants had a positive attitude towards protective measures. no delay for current cancer treatments or appointments has been observed in 98% of patients.
0	postmortem evidence of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis in a patient with severe COVID-19. the patient died despite antimicrobials, mechanical ventilation, and vasopressor support. further reports are needed to assess the occurrence and frequency of IPA in SARS-CoV-2 infections, and how they interact clinically.
0	67-year-old male contracted COVID-19 infection while in hospital with palliative hypopharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma. cancer diagnosis, among other clinical features, increases risk of poor outcome. validated risk calculator predicted a greater than 99% risk that this patient would require intensive therapy unit admission or die.
6	several hundred trials are ongoing globally in the hope of a solution. nearly all treatments rely on systemic delivery but COVID-19 damages the lungs preferentially. this review outlines various target directed approaches which include microbubbles, extracellular vesicles including exosomes, novel bio-objects, direct aerosol targeted pulmonary delivery and catheter-based drug delivery.
6	renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system blockers during coronavirus disease 2019. studies based on in-hospital exposure have suggested a beneficial effect. a 'healthy user-sick stopper' bias influences association between exposure and mortality.
4	interest in decontamination and reuse of filtering facepiece respirators has surged due to shortages. most promising techniques utilize heat, hydrogen peroxide, microwave-generated steam. the number of times an individual respirator can be reused is often limited by its ability to maintain a tight fit after multiple uses.
4	delays in the 2-week-wait cancer referral pathway during the COVID-19 lockdown. referrals via the urgent pathway reported to have decreased by 84%. impact of different scenarios of lockdown-accumulated backlog on cancer survival.
4	the current coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic is forcing healthcare systems to organise care differently than before. prevention focuses on self-management strategies, creating patient education challenges. the CEdRIC process is designed to deliver key information to patients and standardize the discharge process.
4	COVID-19 pandemic poses great challenge on public health globally. emergency response results in significant 77.6% reduction in percutaneous coronary intervention.
4	otorhinolaryngologists have a central role in the management of this situation. recommendations aim to reduce the spread of the new coronavirus (COVID-19) personal protective equipment is considered crucial in routine ENT care.
0	COVID-19 is a newly emerging infectious disease caused by a novel coronavirus. there had been over 132 500 confirmed cases globally. the case reports of children are rare, which results in the lack of evidence for preventing and controlling of children's infection.
4	transcatheter interventions for structural heart disease (SHD) are now an effective alternative to surgery. the recent outbreak of coronavirus-associated disease-2019 (COVID-19) is placing an unprecedented strain on patients, physicians and world healthcare systems. a proactive and vigilant stance on managing SHD and ACS is crucial.
6	lopinavir/ritonavir has been used in the treatment of sars-cov-2. patients treated with the drug were more likely to have severe jaundice.
1	rapid transmission of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 has affected the whole world and forced it to a halt (lockdown) a fast and label-free detection method for the novel coronavivirus needs to be developed along with the existing enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and RT-PCR-based methods.
4	the medical and dental services across the world have to tackle unprecedented situations. the global health care crisis caused directly by the vast number of severe COVID-19 cases. special care dentistry seems to play a unique role, dealing with a wide range of patients.
4	urological patients admitted to ED in lombardy during COVID-19 outbreak. patients admitted were generally more demanding, requiring an urgent management. admissions to the ED during the outbreak were inversely associated to diagnoses. the hospitalisation rate increased from 12.7% to 17.8% (beta = 0.88; P .0001) during 2020.
6	a systematic review of the efficacy and safety of antiretroviral drugs against SARS, MERS or COVID-19: initial assessment. most studies reported outcomes using LPV/r as treatment. the certainty of the evidence for the randomized trials was low.
0	6 patients with confirmed coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in japan. all 6 of the patients tested positive via pharyngeal swab polymerase chain reaction (PCR) 2 of the 6 were still positive at 3 weeks after onset. patients exhibited bilateral ground glass opacities on computed tomography.
6	DNA vaccine candidates expressing different forms of the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein evaluated in 35 rhesus macaques. vaccinated animals developed humoral and cellular immune responses, including neutralizing antibody titers. vaccine-elicited neutralizing antibodies correlated with protective efficacy, suggesting an immune correlate of protection.
4	a miniaturized wearable cleanroom and biosafety system for aerially transmitted viral infections such as COVID-19. the pressure optimized powEred respirator (PROPER) is made out of COTS components.
6	hydroxychloroquine has been proposed as a potential agent to treat patients with COVID-19 caused by SARS-CoV-2 infection. an oral suspension of 50 mg/ml of a liquid formulation is not commercially available. a fully validated stability-indicating method has been developed to demonstrate the physicochemical stability of the compounded oral suspension.
4	wheelchairs, portable equipment, and waiting room chairs were frequently contaminated with potential pathogens. application of a dilute sodium hypochlorite disinfectant using an electrostatic sprayer provided rapid and effective decontamination.
4	in a given country, the cumulative death toll of the first wave of the COVID-19 epidemic follows a sigmoid curve as a function of time. the curve is well described by the Gompertz function, which is characterized by the initial growth rate and the decay rate as the first epidemic wave subsides.
4	pediatric anesthetists have an important role to play in the management of patients suspected or confirmed to have COVID-19. as practitioners who perform aerosol generating procedures involving the airway, we are at high risk of exposure to the virus SARS-CoV-2.
1	incidental 18F-FDG PET/CT findings in asymptomatic patients and those with symptoms not primarily correlated with COVID-19. the emergence of the novel SARS-CoV-2 pathogen and lethal covid-19 disease pandemic poses major diagnostic challenges. total prevalence of suspicious findings was 26/160 (16.
4	universal screening of potential organ donors and recipients for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 is now recommended prior to transplantation. in an early epicenter of the outbreak, we designed and implemented a system to expedite this testing. thirty-two organs recovered from 14 of 17 screened donors were transplanted vs 70 recovered from 23 donors during the same period in 2019.
4	endoscopy poses special challenges and risks of SARS-CoV-2 transmission. urgent interventions cannot be postponed despite the risks during the pandemic. semi-urgent bariatric procedures have an intermediate position.
1	novel coronavirus disease (nCOVID-19) is the most challenging problem for the world. infected patients exhibit distinct radiographic visual characteristics along with fever, dry cough, fatigue, dyspnea, etc. in this study, we present an automatic COVID screening (ACoS) system. the proposed system uses radiomic texture descriptors extracted from CXR images.
4	administration of antineoplastic therapies through home infusion continues to gain momentum among healthcare facilities and third-party payers. emergence of novel coronavirus, COVID-19, has accelerated conversations.
1	the novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) that causes novel COVID-19 first broke out in December 2019. patients will develop rapidly if there is no any intervention, so the risk identification of severe patients is critical. the most common clinical symptoms were fever (89%) and dry cough (60%).
4	coronavirus pandemic has led to a dramatically different way of working. many clinicians feel ill equipped to deliver therapy via telehealth. article draws together clinician experiences of the issues that should be attended to.
4	nurse practitioners have been under-utilized generally in the current global health environment. expanding nurse practitioner scopes of practice across nations will leverage their clinical capacities, policy and advocacy skills. policies that safely expand nurse practitioner roles are critical.
4	personal hygiene is critical for preventing the spread of infection. handwashing is an important component of personal hygiene. this review summarizes research on behavioral strategies.
4	between 7 march and 8 may 2020, there were 47 243 excess deaths in england and wales.
0	an ongoing outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is spreading globally. some mechanically ventilated patients recovering from severe ARDS often experienced gradual increases in CO2 retention and minute ventilation. decreased ventilatory efficiency (dead space to tidal volume 70-80%) and hypermetabolism (oxygen consumption 300-400 ml/min) may explain why these patients experienced more severe respiratory distress.
4	COVID-19 outbreak has challenged professional athletes' training and competition routines in a way not seen before. this report aims to inform about changes in training volume and intensity distribution and their effects on functional performance. total training volume decreased 33.9% during the lockdown (P .
4	56 patients underwent emergency trauma upper limb procedures as a day case or with a single overnight stay from 1st march to may 31, 2020 at two central London hospitals. of 56 patients, one patient reported COVID-19 symptoms, which were minor and did not require hospitalisation. five patients experienced minor post-operative complications such as stiffness and scar hypersensitivity; one patient had a superficial wound infection.
3	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has given rise to emerging respiratory infections with pandemic diffusion. the vitamin D binding protein (DBP) with emphasis on its regulation of total and free vitamin D metabolite levels participate in various clinical conditions. this study evaluated if there was any association between the DBP gene polymorphism at rs7041 and rrs4588 loci and the prevalence of COVID19 and its mortality rates caused among populations of 10 countries including turkey.
4	this study describes the role of emergency medical services in the pre-exposure period. EMS can work effectively through instructing home quarantine and providing protected transport. the study was conducted at the Ben-gurion international airport border checkpoint.
0	recurrences of COVID-19 were observed in a patient with long-term usage of hydroxychloroquine, leflunomide, and glucocorticoids. tocilizumab was applied and intended to target both rheumatoid arthritis (RA) disease of this patient aggravated after usage of the drug.
4	this literature review describes ways to reduce COVID-19 transmission in orthodontic practice. it highlights the need for optimum infection control and strict cleaning. there are currently no recommendations for how to prevent infection.
6	traditional Chinese medicine(TCM) has been playing an active role against the epidemic. the screening of TCM is limited by the development cycle and laboratory conditions. this study established optimization docking models and virtual screening to discover potential active herbs for the prevention and treatment of the novel coronavirus.
4	SARS-CoV-2 is responsible for the coronavirus disease COVID-19. the first autochthonous italian case of COVD-19 was documented on february 21, 2020. a total of 15 positive samples were confirmed by both methods.
4	countries in Europe took different mobility containment measures to curb the spread of COVID-19. mobility data at EU scale can help understand the dynamics of the pandemic, says daniel saunders. a systematic analysis of the relationship between human mobility and virus spread has never been conducted, he says.
4	women judged the risk of their coronavirus infection as significantly higher than men. in a survey, participants judged likelihood that this would happen to an average student of the same sex from their class. women estimated the chances of being infected. as compared to other male participants, unrealistic optimism was observed especially in men, but also in women.
0	coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an ongoing pandemic that started in china. most critically ill patients present with hypoxia due to acute respiratory distress syndrome. this patient showed drastic clinical improvement after he was administered a packed red blood cell transfusion.
4	study examines psychobehavioral responses to the COVID-19 outbreak. four constructs of the health belief model were significantly associated with a higher mass media exposure score. lower emotional consequences and barriers to carry out prevention measures were also associated with greater mass and social media exposure.
0	SARS-CoV-2 is a novel viral infection characterized by several symptoms range from mild to severe clinical conditions that could lead to death.
6	a number of studies have evaluated the impact of multiple sclerosis disease-modifying therapies on immune response to vaccines. findings have important implications for people with multiple clerosis who require vaccination. responses to any vaccination depend on the vaccine type, the type of response, and the timing.
4	bilevel positive airway pressure devices with spontaneous and timed respirations could provide invasive ventilation in a healthy swine model. evidence on their effectiveness in this capacity is limited. further study is needed to evaluate safety and efficacy in clinical disease models.
4	senior medical students represent a valuable workforce, say authors. involvement of students in the care of COVID-19 patients should only occur on a vo luntary basis. authors give the floor to students who responded to our call.
0	first critical COVID-19 patient in shandong province treated in intensive care unit. patient had difficulty breathing, oxygenation index was 135 mmHg, blood lactate was 5.6 mmol/L. after comprehensive treatment including high-flow nasal cannula oxygen therapy, plasma exchange, antiviral, anti-infection therapies, immune regulation, liquid volume management, analgesia and sedation, the patient was finally cured.
0	novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) clinically manifests as respiratory and gastrointestinal presentations. impaired liver function is prevalent in COVID, but it is poorly understood. patients with abnormal liver functions have an increased risk of covid-19.
4	germany's new digital healthcare act entitles all individuals covered by statutory health insurance to reimbursement for certain digital health applications. the new Act provides a particularly interesting case study for US policymakers.
0	a 20-year-old male patient without previous history of cardiovascular disease was admitted to our hospital with a new onset febrile sensation and chest pain. blood tests revealed elevated levels of markers of myocyte necrosis (troponin I and creatine kinase-MB) this case showed that acute myocarditis can be the initial presentation of patients with COVID-19 infection.
0	sudden death due to acute massive pulmonary embolism in a young woman with COVID-19. the patient had no symptoms or signs of infection and also had no risk factors for thromboembolism.
1	this study aimed to report a case series of pregnant women with confirmed or presumed coronavirus disease (COVID-19) infection. of the 92 women evaluated, 33 (36%) had positive COVID 19 test results. only one woman required hospital admission for 5 days due to covid-19 (1.1%, 95% CI: 0.2-5.9%) one woman had an unexplained fetal demise at 14 weeks' gestation around the time of her symptoms.
1	growing evidence suggests that the ABO blood type contributed to the susceptibility of COVID-19, but the results are controversial. this systematic review and meta-analysis study will provide high-quality evidence to evaluate the contribution of the aBO blood group.
6	present coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic is affecting pregnant patients worldwide. some pregnant patients are likely to develop severe disease.
0	a patient was diagnosed with severe pneumonia due to coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) a percutaneous lung biopsy was performed under ultrasound guidance.
4	knowledge and practice regarding prevention of COVID-19 amongst the Saudi Arabian population. study is among the pioneer studies on the issue related to the prevention of covid-19 among the Saudis and foreign nationals residing in Saudi Arabia. data was collected from Saudi nationals as well as expatriates living and working in five different regions of Saudi Arabia. a self-designed, structured, and validated questionnaire was electronically distributed among the respondents.
4	study aimed to assess the knowledge, attitude and practice among the general population regarding COVID-19 pandemic. questionnaire was shared via social media applications like face book and whatsapp to reach the target population. majority followed advisories and reported washing hands with soap and water regularly, 1108 (73%) reported regularly wearing masks, 1344 (89%) reported following lockdown guidelines.
0	point-of-care ultrasound (POCUS) has been useful for identifying pulmonary pathology in adult patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) however, pediatric literature for POCUS in COVID19 is limited. this case series was to describe lung. POCUS findings in pediatric patients with covid-19: a case series.
6	this document aims to provide scientifically available evidence-based information in a transparent interpretation. eleven recommendations were issued based on low or very-low level evidence. so far no pharmacological intervention was proven to be effective or safe.
4	request of hospital care dropped for TIA but remained stable for stroke during COVID-19 pandemic at a large italian university hospital. reduction in urban pollution was also hypothesized as a possible cause. patients kept seeking hospital care when experiencing permanent neurological symptoms (stroke), but they tended not to go to the hospital when their symptoms were transient.
4	facemask use significantly reduces the risk of transmitting respiratory infections. of the 12 studies, ten clinical trials suggest respiratory infection incidence is lower. one cohort study conducted during the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, demonstrated effectiveness.
1	COVID-19 is a serious and potentially deadly disease. saliva tests offer a promising alternative to nasopharyngeal swab tests. further diagnostic accuracy studies are needed.
4	the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic has caused tremendous pressure on hospital infrastructures. to avoid malfunctioning of critical services, we established a rapid response infrastructure. the CRRI instantly restored ER functionality and provided epidemiological data.
4	conservationists are struggling to prevent misguided persecution of bats. bats are misleadingly being blamed for spreading the COVID-19 pandemic. we draw on the latest findings from psychology, to explain why some conservation messaging may be reinforcing misleading negative associations.
1	nucleic acid and antibody assay results in patients with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in china. patients were divided into three groups based on antibody production. results showed no significant differences between producing and non-producing groups.
0	a multiple sclerosis patient infected by SARS-CoV-2 during fingolimod therapy was hospitalized with moderate clinical features, and recovered in 15 days. high levels of chemokines and of antibody-secreting B cells were detected. however, CD4+ and CD8+ cells were oligoclonally expanded and prone to apoptosis when stimulated in vitro.
1	sputum induction is more sensitive than throat swabs for the detection of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) in COVID-19 patients. a multi-center cross-sectional study compares induced supum to throat. positive rate was significantly higher than for throat awabs overall.
4	the authors examined the early effect of COVID-19 restrictions on an orthopedic surgery department. volume of ambulatory clinic encounters, office and surgical procedures decreased. the percentage of clinic visits performed via telemedicine increased.
4	COVID-19 occurred in Wuhan in December 2019. due to a series of control measures, the epidemic situation has been alleviated. study aimed to provide prevention and treatment strategies for the post-epidemic period. no patients have been observed to become infected with SARS-CoV-2 in the cardiology department.
4	the COVID-19 pandemic has posed a serious challenge for the life and mental health of people with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) the present retrospective study evaluated the impact of covid-19 restrictions on challenging behaviors in a cohort of adults with severe autism attending a daycare center in italy. this suggests that adaptations used to support these individuals with ASD in adapting to the emergency restrictions were effective for managing their behavior.
0	vitamin D supplementation in COVID-19 patients: a clinical case series. patients with worse outcomes have exhibited higher blood plasma levels of proinflammatory cytokines. vitamin D may serve as a viable alternative for curtailing acute respiratory distress syndrome.
4	Approximately 56 million school-aged children (aged 5-17 years) resumed education in the united states in fall 2020. average weekly incidence (cases per 100,000 children) among adolescents aged 12-17 years was approximately twice that of children aged 5-11 years (19.0) during may-September 2020, incidence increased from 13.8 per 100,000 on may 31 to 37.9 on July 19. schools and communities can implement multiple, concurrent mitigation strategies.
6	animal models are important for both the fundamental research and drug discovery of coronaviruses. the current SARS-CoV-2 infection has been spreading to more than 213 countries, areas or territories.
0	neurological complications are increasingly recognized with SARS-CoV-2, the causative pathogen for COVID-19. we present a single-center retrospective case series reporting the EEG and outcome of de novo status epilepticus in two african-american women.
4	there has been a huge impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on global healthcare systems. recent studies have reported > 50% reduction in hospital admissions for ACS. healthcare systems need to be prepared for an anticipated downstream deluge of such untreated patients.
5	simulated 3 transmission modes, including close-contact, respiratory droplets and aerosol routes. 7 of 13 naive hACE2 mice were seropositive for SARS-CoV-2 antibodies. hace2 mice cannot be experimentally infected via aerosol inoculation until continued up to 25 minutes with high viral concentrations.
4	since the end of February 2020 a severe diffusion of COVID-19 has affected it and in particular its northern regions. hospitals are suffering the high degree of patients to be treated for respiratory diseases and the majority of the health structures, especially in the north of it, are or are at risk of saturation. the aim of this study is to analyse the availability of hospital beds across the country as well as to determine their management in terms of complexity and performance of cases treated at regional level.
4	patients with cancer are more likely to contract COVID-19 because of the systemic immunosuppressive status caused by malignant diseases or anticancer treatment. most patients with lung cancer are smokers with poor underlying lung conditions and low immunity. providing appropriate individualized treatment strategies for lung cancer patients with different stages is an urgent requirement.
4	urology consults during the COVID-19 pandemic were triaged and managed. standard consults were in-person consults with non-covid-19 patients. high-risk consults, in which the urologist strictly controlled the patient in person contact, were telephonic. a total of 8/18 (44.4%) were managed successfully via Telemedicine alone.
4	the recent outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has been declared a public health emergency worldwide. to reduce human-to-human transmission of the virus, ensure supply of infrastructures, human resources, and disposable medical devices to many regions, it is crucial to assess risks and postpone non-essential outpatient visits and elective surgical procedures. delay or suspension in essential eye procedures may cause significant and rapid vision impairment to irreversible blindness.
4	a variety of oncology specialty societies are making recommendations for standards of care. these diverse standards and gaps in standards can lead to inconsistent and heterogeneous care, authors say. they say there is an urgent need to develop cancer-specific guidelines.
6	an outbreak related to the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) was first reported in Wuhan, china in December 2019. no drugs are validated to have significant efficacy in clinical treatment of COVID-19 patients in large-scale studies. remdesivir is considered the most promising antiviral agent; it works by inhibiting the activity of RNA-dependent RNA polymerase.
4	Southern Italy: how the Availability of Radiation Therapy, Patient Outcomes, and Risk to health care providers have changed during the COVID-19 pandemic.
6	patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) due to viral infection are at risk for secondary complications like invasive aspergillosis. five of 19 consecutive critically ill patients with moderate to severe ARDS were found to have COVID-19 associated invasive pulmonary aspergillus.
6	hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) is a post-exposure drug for exposed people. our coalition of public health experts, doctors, and scientists worldwide want to draw attention to the need for high-quality evaluation protocols. HCQ should be used at doses matching that of the standard treatment of systemic lupus erythematous.
4	a study assesses the use of an app to support people with COVID-19 education, self-assessment, and monitoring of their own health. the data could be used to support policy makers and health care providers to get valuable insights in the regional distribution of infection load.
6	pulmonary-proteoliposome as a new therapeutic approach for Coronaviruses. designed strategy represents a potential treatment to reduce the overall viral load in the lungs.
6	novel coronavirus (COVID-19) is currently in epidemic stage. after large-scale interpersonal infection, asymptomatic patients appear. lopinavir/ritonavir tablets, arbidol tablets, and lianhuaqingwen granules were used.
4	an online survey was used to evaluate the effect of public education about masks usage during the new coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) epidemic. the survey collected 5,761 questionnaires from the 31 provinces, municipalities, and autonomous regions of mainland china. 99.7% and 97.2% of the respondents answered correctly that respiratory droplets and direct contact were the main transmission routes.
2	complex dynamics in susceptible-infected models for COVID-19 with multi-drug resistance (mdr) and its fractional-order counterpart are investigated. existence of positive solution in fractional order model is discussed. local stability based on the fractional Routh-Hurwitz (FRH) conditions is considered.
1	potential antigenic cross-reactivity between dengue virus and SARS-CoV-2. false-positive dengue serology can have serious implications for patient care.
