0	acute promyelocytic leukemia accounts for approximately 10% of cases of acute myeloid. patients with APL are generally younger than those with other subtypes of AML. remission may be achieved with a conventional anthracycline-cytarabine combination.
4	endoscopic, clinical, and laboratory parameters were assessed in 109 patients with cirrhosis and esophageal varices without previous variceal bleeding. the incidence of bleeding was 29%, and the mortality rate 46%. two factors of the Child classification (encephalopathy and ascites) and age positively correlated with mortality but not with the bleeding incidence.
4	neutrophil function is frequently impaired during the first months after bone marrow transplantation. chemotaxis, superoxide production, and phagocytic-bactericidal activity were studied before and 2, 6, 9, and 12 months after BMT. skin window migration and combined defects were predictive for late pyogenic infections.
0	histologic grading is very important for treatment decisions in ovarian cancer. image analysis was used to determine nuclear area and ploidy distributions. number of nuclei with very high DNA content was found to be of prognostic importance.
4	a patient with congenital monomelic hypertrophy developed progressive footdrop due to a degenerative myopathy. the clinical, electrophysiologic, and pathologic features of the case are described and compared with a previously reported case.
4	interleukin-2 (IL-2) produces toxicity characterized by generalized edema within 24 hours. this study examines thromboxane and neutrophils as possible mediators of this event. when 10(6) U IL-2 was given as a 1-minute intravenous bolus (n = 9), there was an increase in plasma TxB2 level to 1290 +/- 245 pg/mL.
0	this study was aimed at defining the natural history of renal failure in obstructive jaundice due to cholangiocarcinoma. renal failure before surgery was observed in all patients. it was nonoliguric in 80% of the patients and was associated gram-negative infection, hypotension, hypoproteinemia, hyponatremia, and hypokalemia.
4	in a retrospective survey of 1,195 survivors of out-of-hospital ventricular fibrillation, 43 patients had left ventricular ejection fraction greater than or equal to 0.50. thirteen (30%) of these patients had hypokinesia on left ventriculography, and 20 patients (47%) had a persistently abnormal electrocardiogram. the presence of either wall motion or electrocardiographic abnormalities defined patients with a several-fold higher risk of recurrent cardiac arrest.
0	treatment of cutaneous T cell lymphoma with a combination of interferon alfa-2b and retinoids. pilot study evaluated therapeutic effect and side effect profile. responses maintained by continuous therapy for up to 15 months even after dose reduction.
3	indomethacin and nylidrine hydrochloride treatment affects fetus ductus arteriosus. ductal velocities increased after administration of 14 women treated with indomacin. there was a significant linear positive relationship between the gestational age and the change.
4	hexamethylene bisacetamide is a potent polar-planar differentiating agent of leukemia and solid tumor cell lines in vitro at clinically achievable concentrations. HMBA produced nearly identical inhibition of normal and myelodysplastic hematopoietic progenitors.
4	poloxamer 407 is a biocompatible polymer that exists as a liquid at room temperature. it is an ideal material for use in laparoscopic surgery. further trials of this material in the clinical setting are indicated.
3	ten consecutive patients underwent surgical repair of Ebstein's anomaly. intraoperative postbypass echocardiography documented a good result in nine patients. the mean cardiothoracic ratio decreased by 6% (p less than 0.
2	lacunar infarcts may have a better prognosis than cortical TIAs, says dr. sanjay gupta. 11 patients had a cortex infarction despite a history of lacunarily triggered attacks.
4	tracheal extubation in children: halothane versus isoflurane, anesthetized versus awake. authors compared incidence of respiratory complications and arterial hemoglobin desaturation. iso flurane was associated with more episodes of coughing and airway obstruction.
3	blood-liquid interface for prolonged extracorporeal oxygenation with excellent antithrombogenicity. oxygenator based on principle of gas exchange across direct BLI. three layers of liquid flowed horizontally, contacting one another: o2 saturated silicone oil on the top, O2 saturated fluorcarbon at the bottom, and blood in the middle.
2	plantar hyperkeratotic skin lesion in a case of richner-hanhart's syndrome was investigated using ultrastructural examination. abnormal structures were seen in the affected keratinocytes: aggregations of tonofilaments and intracytoplasmic inclusions. formation of tyrosine crystalline inclusions seems to be an important factor in the pathogenesis.
4	24 women aged 35-45 investigated before, during, and after six months' use of combined oral contraceptives containing 30 micrograms ethinyl oestradiol together with the progestogens desogestrel or gestodene. between two and six weeks after stopping the pill a rebound phenomenon occurred with plasma concentrations of antithrombin III increasing and fibrinogen decreasing.
3	continuous-wave Doppler echocardiography was used to assess changes in pulmonary regurgitant flow velocities associated with administration of vasodilators in 10 patients with congestive heart failure. there was a good agreement between these measurements and catheterization-determined pulmonary arterial end-diastolic pressure.
3	reperfusion therapy has been shown to decrease the early mortality after acute myocardial infarction. the impact of this therapy on long-term survival has been less extensively evaluated. this study reports the extended follow-up of a large cohort of 810 patients.
2	children with epilepsy should be placed in the least restrictive schooling environment. assessment and monitoring of progress form an equally important part of a child's educational program. there is a need to develop suitable instruments to assist teachers in their assessments.
2	optic neuropathy induced by radiation is an infrequent cause of delayed visual loss. of the six patients in the series, two had a pituitary adenoma. visual acuity in the affected eyes ranged from 20/25 to no light perception.
4	this study tests whether simulated thrombolysis before controlled reperfusion obviates the benefits. all hearts treated by simulated coronary angioplasty recovered regional contractility. surgically controlled blood cardioplegic repefusion resulted in no ventricular arrhythmias.
3	accelerated coronary disease is a major factor limiting long-term survival in cardiac transplant recipients. coronary angiography was obtained a mean of 5.1 weeks posttransplantation and annually thereafter. in 21 of 25 patients, mean coronary diameter reduction exceeded the three-standard deviation threshold at their last angiogram.
0	women aged 65-79 are not normally invited for mammography screening. a pilot study was undertaken in a general practice in south manchester. the results show that there is a potential benefit to offering screening to older women.
4	emphysematous pyelonephritis is an uncommon and serious infection associated with gas-forming coliform bacteria. bilateral involvement is rare with only 10 reported cases in the english literature. prompt and aggressive management is required to salvage these patients.
4	digoxin immune Fab (ovine) in patients with renal impairment. studies suggest renal excretion accounts for a substantial portion of Fab's elimination. author scrutinized records of patients with impaired renal function who were treated with Digibind.
1	cystgastrostomy was used for significantly larger pseudocysts. cystjejunostomy was associated with significantly less blood loss and operating time. postoperative gastrointestinal bleeding occurred in 8% of patients.
0	the authors review their institution's experience with local failure of definitive treatment. causes of local failure are incomplete resection, spilled cells, selective implantation of tumor cells. failure to control the tumor locally in the presence of distant metastases does not alter the length of survival.
1	this review explores present knowledge of the aetiology and epidemiology of pancreatic cancer.
4	Surgical reconstruction is the treatment for acute traumatic aortic rupture. concomitant injuries or life-threatening complications may preclude safe and successful reconstruction.
3	aortopexy can be lifesaving for children with reflex apnea after repair of esophageal atresia. in group 1, 1 patient died and 3 patients (50%) experienced recurrent respiratory distress. tracheal compression secondary to a vascular anomaly is lifesaving.
3	a total of 97 patients with coronary artery disease, stable angina and ambulatory electrocardiographic data were evaluated. of the 86 patients with a positive exercise test, 39 (group 1) had greater than or equal to 1 episodes of ST-segment depression. peak exercise heart rate and peak systolic blood pressure were significantly lower in the group 1 patients.
0	endocrine pancreatic tumors contain and frequently secrete neurohormonal peptides. this phenomenon can be used as a diagnostic and classifying tool.
3	acute coronary artery occlusion continues to remain a serious complication. study based on data from 1,423 consecutive patients who underwent elective angioplasty between January 1986 and december 1988. 104 patients (7.3%) developed acute ccl during the dilatation procedure in 80 patients (5.6%) and within 24 hours after the procedure in 24 patients (1.
0	a 45-year-old man was diagnosed with multiple myeloma, IgA-kappa, in 1975. thirteen years later he presented with obstructive jaundice. computed tomography showed a 6-cm mass in the head of the pancreas.
0	extramedullary blast crisis in a patient with Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myelogenous leukemia. the patient is currently undergoing a second autologous transplantation with stored bone marrow that is Ph negative.
2	drug-induced headache. headache perpetuated by symptomatic medications used for primary headache disorders are discussed in detail. ergotamine and analgesic rebound phenomena are described.
4	gene encoding rhodopsin is closely linked to locus D3S47 on chromosome 3q. point mutation changing a conserved proline to histidine in the 23d codon of the gene has been demonstrated in affected members of one ADRP family and in 17 of 148 unrelated ADRP patients. deletion has arisen in the sequence TCATCATCAT, deleting one of a run of three x 3-bp repeats.
3	antegrade cardioplegia with coronary sinus occlusion improves myocardial cooling. little data are available on the exact relationships among basic elements of this intervention. aortic root infusion pressure, coronary sinus pressure, and myocardinal cooling were measured.
4	43 consecutive patients with a diagnosis of recurrent subacute testicular torsion were studied. of the patients 36 were cured of pain, 35 of whom had a horizontally lying testis. no hormonal abnormalities were found preoperatively or postoperatively.
3	cerebral vasculitis five months after acute posterior multifocal placoid pigment epitheliopathy. neurological symptoms promptly responded to steroid treatment.
4	allopurinol and thiazide effects on new urinary stone formed after discontinued therapy. number of stones formed was 1.18, 0.24, and 0.13 before, during, and after discontinuation. decreases in incidence of stone formation even after interruption of drug therapy, suggests effects of medical guidance.
3	tricuspid valve was interrogated from two orthogonal views using doppler ultrasound. the severity of catheter-induced tricupid regurgitation was graded semiquantitatively. this study shows for the first time that the quantitative extent is small.
0	roentgenograms detected pulmonary disease, especially pneumonia, in febrile neutropenic patients. 41 (22%) of 187 chest raegnograms obtained during initial febrile episodes were abnormal. during episodes of persistent or recurrent fever, findings led to changes in therapy.
2	a case is presented of a child with trauma to the vertebrobasilar artery resulting in stroke. despite two subsequent, separate transient episodes of vertigo, the child had good functional recovery with complete restoration of language and cognitive function. after 28 months, residual impairments identified were a mild right-sided ataxia and hemiparesis.
3	the peri-operative anaesthetic management of 11 patients with pulmonary fibrosis undergoing single-lung transplantation is presented. major intra-operative events that cause concern appear to be related to the severity of the presenting illness and the development of respiratory failure. resort to partial cardiopulmonary bypass may have been indicated in some cases.
3	a patient developed lithium toxicity when lisinopril was substituted for clonidine. possible mechanisms of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ace) inhibitor-induced toxicity are discussed. serum lithium concentration monitoring and a reduction in the dose of lithium is advised when using ACE inhibitors because of disturbances and shifts in fluid and electrolyte balance.
1	synthesis of antiproteases is markedly increased during acute inflammatory reaction. inflammatory hepatocytes were more resistant to the toxicity of neutrophils. the protease inhibitory capacity of conditioned medium from inflammatory cells was higher than that from normal cells.
2	Nelson's syndrome is an unusual sequela of primary bilateral adrenalectomy. it is classically defined by cutaneous hyperpigmentation, elevated adrenocorticotropic hormone. in three cases, remission of hypercortisolism did not occur after initial pituitary exploration.
4	asymptomatic versus symptomatic total knee arthroplasties were compared. fifty-three of the 89 prostheses evaluated were. symptomatically, uptake was greater in the patella, femur, medial and lateral tibial plateau regions.
0	papillomavirus infection results in normal basal cell proliferation. abnormal terminal differentiation contributes to the hyperplasia of the tumors.
0	prenatal diagnosis of epignathus has been reported previously. in many of these cases the neonates succumbed to acute respiratory distress. the ability to accurately define the fetal anomaly permitted us to plan a unique strategy.
3	plaque morphology and pathologic changes in arteries from patients dying after coronary balloon angioplasty were studied at autopsy in 28 patients with 40 coronary arteries. plaque concentricity or eccentricity, calcification, fibrous or fibropultaceous plaque, medial disruption, luminal thrombus and inflammation were evaluated.
4	alterations in the retinoblastoma susceptibility gene RB1 were found in 43 sporadic bone and soft-tissue sarcomas. the gene was altered in 6 of 14 osteosarkomas and in 5 of 29 other bone. deletions in the Rb-1 gene were associated with higher tumor grade.
2	a simple three-point scale was developed for grading white matter lesions. observers were radiologists and neurologists. twenty four CT scans and 24 MRI scans were judged by 11 and five observers.
3	a set of simplified electrocardiographic (ECG) leads would be useful in cardiac emergencies. records obtained with six bipolar CR leads were, in most respects, similar to records obtained previously in the same patients with six V leads. the technique described in this report can be completed in less than 3 minutes in a given patient.
1	cholangiocarcinoma is more likely to develop in patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. development of the cancer was heralded by rapid clinical deterioration. liver transplantation should be considered earlier in the course of the disease.
4	233 consecutive patients with 358 penetrating iliac vascular injuries treated at our institution. hospital mortality rate for the series was 28%, and 56/66 deaths were due to exsanguination or shock. insufficient data exist to condemn lateral suture of venous injuries.
0	authors report results from 36 patients with large unresectable sarcomas. control of 66% of lesions from 5 to 9 cm, 63% of those from 10 to 14 cm. authors compare favorably with earlier trials with misonidazole.
4	87.1% (27/31) of subtrochanteric fractures treated with interlocking nails union. knee range of motion in 28 acute traumatic cases was on average 127.5 +/- 23.0 degrees. nail breakage, 3.2% (1/31); nonunion without nail break, 9.7% (3/31); neglected femoral fracture with malunion.
0	levamisole and 5-fluorouracil therapy for resected colon cancer: a new indication. two studies demonstrated a significant improvement in the survival rate with 5-FU among patients with colon cancer and pathologically confirmed metastases to adjacent lymph nodes (dukes' stage C) toxic effects of the drugs were generally mild.
0	class I error rate was 12% in veterans who received mechanical ventilation. atypical presentation of potentially treatable abdominal pathologic conditions is common cause.
4	chart review was conducted on a 6-month sample of patients with low-back. two hundred seven episodes were identified. all cases were work-related, and the outcome indicator was time loss from work.
4	a spontaneously transformed murine keratinocyte cell line (PAM cell) was found to secrete two nondisulfide-linked collagenous polypeptides. the 190-kd collagen component was secreted into the culture medium in 2 h and processed to the 120- kd component within 4 h.
1	a randomized trial of propranolol versus placebo in prevention of variceal hemorrhage. hepatic venous pressure gradient, heart rate, and varicea size were studied. 13 patients (11 placebo-, 2 propranrolol-treated; P less than 0.01) bled from esophageal varices.
3	this study compared the safety and efficacy of labetalol and enalapril. patients' BP and heart rate were evaluated biweekly by trained observers. the treatment groups were comparable in their reduction of supine diastolic BP.
0	dysplastic nevus is the most important risk factor and precursor for malignant melanoma. sun sensitivity was associated with both DN risk and melonoma risk after controlling for age and education in logistic regression analysis.
3	24 women aged 35-45 investigated before, during, and after six months' use of combined oral contraceptives containing 30 micrograms ethinyl oestradiol together with the progestogens desogestrel or gestodene. between two and six weeks after stopping the pill a rebound phenomenon occurred with plasma concentrations of antithrombin III increasing and fibrinogen decreasing.
4	a prospective study was conducted in two consecutive groups of patients. the annual incidence of delayed serum HBsAg clearance was 0.5% in group I and 0.8% in group II (p less than 0.02) antibodies developed in 9 patients (47.4%) with chronic hepatitis. those who were HBeAg negative and those older than 40 at entry had a higher incidence.
3	a seventy-seven-year old woman, with mitral stenosis, presented with cardiomegaly evident on her chest roentgenogram. the cardiac enlargement was due to a giant left atrium that distorted the cardiac structures.
4	morphine was given intraoperatively mixed in 1.5% lidocaine. percentage of patients who did not request an analgesic was significantly greater in groups 2 and 3 than in group 1. number of patients developing respiratory depression or vomiting in the first 48 postoperative hours was similar in the three groups.
2	etiology of a seizure disorder is of at least equal or greater significance than the nature of the seizures it spawns. epilepsy or epileptic syndrome is a pathophysiological substrata on which rational treatment plan is based. the epilepsies are classified into those generalized from the beginning and those with a definable localization in the cortex from the onset.
4	the accuracy of quantifying the degree of vascular stenosis with color Doppler flow imaging was determined in an experimental study. the measurements were made with use of pulsatile flow at four different flow rates.
0	antithrombogenic catheter allows portal vein bypass during tumor resection. catheter prevents stasis in the superior mesenteric vein and hepatic ischemia. 81 patients with hepatobiliary and pancreatic disease were treated.
1	advanced abdominal and gastrointestinal system assessment leads to early detection of nursing problems. specific abdominal assessments include detection of signs associated with appendicitis. the nurse must always be alert to the possibility of peritonitis and the urgency of early detection and treatment.
2	two patients developed cervical myelopathy decades after surgery for congenital cervical cutaneous lesions. preoperative magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated dorsal tethering and cavitation of the cervical cord in the area of the previous surgery.
2	permanent ligation of arteries supplying blood to spinal cord can lead to paraparesis or paraplegia. preservation or perfusion of identified arteries may decrease rate of postoperative complications. paralysis occurred in 0/3 pilot; 8/10 division; 1/10 preservation (p less than 0.
3	technetium-99m-labeled isonitrile compounds for assessment of perfusion. like thallium-201 (Tl-201), uptake in myocardial tissue proportional to blood flow. in intact animal models, uptake of sestamibi during coronary occlusion delineates area at risk.
3	anginal perceptual threshold is prolonged in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease. the longer the threshold, the greater the exercise capacity and the more severe the ischemia.
4	167 patients with complete occlusion (greater than 3 cm) of the femoropopliteal artery were treated. an Nd-YAG laser and optical fiber delivery system were used for PTLA. cumulative patency rate (CPR) was 63% at 36 months of follow-up.
2	prophylactic use of clean intermittent catheterization in selected infants may prevent their deterioration. of 130 patients with myelodysplasia followed at our clinic 25 (19%) had or presented with radiological upper urinary tract deterioration. urodynamic evaluation was performed selectively in 11 of these 25 patients.
0	eighty-five women with vulvar squamous cell carcinoma were subjected to radical vulvectomy. the association between lymph node status (metastatic or not) and several parameters was analyzed. there were no metastases to the pelvic lymph nodes without previous inguinal node involvement.
3	18 patients with clinical ventricular tachycardia and normal hearts were analyzed. VT was induced by programmed stimulation in 5 of 18 (28%) patients. with isoproterenol, VT is aggravated spontaneously in 6 of 15 (40%).
2	cryptococcal meningitis is a frequent infection in patients with AIDS. papilledema is rarely reported. after treatment failure with amphotericin B, the patient was treated with fluconazole.
2	cerebellar degeneration and meige's syndrome in a middle-aged man. the extrapyramidal symptoms preceded cerebellary signs and symptoms by 5 years. spinocerebellar disorders should be high on the differential list, authors say.
3	the gene for ataxia-telangiectasia group a (ATA) has been mapped to 11q22-23. the most likely order was cent-AT-S144-THY1. this paper describes further mapping of the AT locus by means of a panel of 10 markers.
0	photodynamic therapy for disseminated intraperitoneal malignant neoplasms is technically feasible. patients received dihematoporphyrin ethers intravenously 48 to 72 hours before laparotomy. five of eight patients cleared positive peritonea cytologies after treatment.
1	contaminated surgical gloves constitute a source of formation of granulomas. the production of starch-free gloves should remove this hazard. most particulate substances introduced into the body inevitably set up an inflammatory response.
4	seventy-one patients who presented to the emergency room with acute asthma were evaluated. many patients with low clinical scores and apparent mild clinical disease had low FEV1 values. degree of accessory muscle use correlated most closely with lung function.
4	i.m. ketorolac trometamol 30 mg was compared with morphine sulphate 10 mg after cholecystectomy in a double-blind, multiple dose, randomized study of 100 patients. pain intensity (verbal response score and visual analogue scale) was recorded before injection and then over a 6-h period.
4	epithelial cells were scraped from the tonsillar surfaces of 15 patients with current acute tonsillitis (AT) and of 15 individually matched healthy persons. bacteria seen to be attached to epithelium under fluorescent microscope were calculated. significantly more bacteria were attached from the AT group than from the controls (greater than 10 attached bacteria per cell p = 0.
0	prognostic value of c-myc proto-oncogene overexpression in early invasive carcinoma of the cervix. proportion of tumors with overexpression significantly increased with the size of the primary tumor. patients with negative nodes had a 3-year disease-free survival rate of 93%.
4	recurrent occlusion resulted in recurrence of cardiogenic shock. atherectomy reestablished lasting patency and reversed the patient's hemodynamic collapse.
3	two patients at our institution abruptly manifested thrombotic stenosis of porcine bioprosthetic valves in the aortic position within 3 months of implantation without apparent predisposing factors.
3	the benefits of continuous antihypertensive therapy have been extensively documented. intermittent therapy or complete discontinuation of therapy may be an effective alternative. young age, normal body weight, low salt intake, no alcohol consumption are criteria.
4	a 46-year-old man could not be weaned from ventilatory support while receiving procainamide. when the drug was discontinued, the patient was successfully.
0	whole-body lipolysis and triglyceride-fatty acid cycling in cachectic patients with esophageal cancer were measured with stable isotopic tracers. basal rate of glycerol appearance in blood in the patients with cancer was similar to that in the nutritionally matched controls. increased beta-adrenergic activity may be an important contributor to the stimulation.
3	mitral regurgitation was evaluated by echocardiography in 59 patients with mitral stenosis. the severity of MR was graded on a scale from 1+ to 4+. no clinical or hemodynamic variables or morphologic characteristics of the mitral valve could predict the development of significant MR after BMV.
4	patients with muscle phosphofructokinase deficiency report fatigue of active muscles after a meal. glucose infusion lowered plasma levels of free fatty acids and ketones. maximal cardiac output (i.e., oxygen delivery) was not affected by varying substrate availability.
0	mesothelioma of the peritoneum is a rare malignant neoplasm. it is easily mistaken by both surgeon and pathologist for one of the more common. this report includes a review of the literature.
0	an increasing number of patients with primary hyperparathyroidism have two or three enlarged parathyroid glands. of 865 patients successfully operated on by one surgeon, multiple adenomas were found. normocalcemia lasting from 1 to 22 years (mean 5.8) was seen in 33 cases.
4	dystrophin is the protein product of the duchenne muscular dystrophy locus. levels in developing myotubes increased after 24 hours and reached maximum levels after 10 days in fusion medium.
0	25 consecutive patients with a normal liver and no peritoneal lesions on CT were evaluated. malignancy was documented by biopsy in 12 patients for an incidence of 48%. liver enzymes were not helpful in distinguishing benign and malignant disease in this group of patients.
0	cervicography and the colposcopist's impression were superior to a repeat smear, human papillomavirus typing or both. cost effectiveness criteria and ease of training appear to justify the use.
0	differential effects of the stimulation of complement receptors CR1 (CD35) and CR2 (CD21) on cell proliferation and intracellular Ca2+ mobilization of chronic lymphocytic leukemia B cells. cells from patient F proliferated in the presence of mitogenic anti-mu antibodies.
1	5 patients who developed dementia before age 60 were found to have celiac disease. intellectual deterioration ranged from moderate to severe. the gluten-free diet failed to improve the neurologic disability except in 1 patient.
4	experimental retinal branch vein occlusion using argon laser photocoagulation in miniature pigs induced the development of ischemic retinal territories. preretinal partial pressure of oxygen (PO2) measurements on the hypoxic retinal areas established that the local PO2 to the normal values within 2 weeks. the reported inhibitory effect on retinal neovascularization could be due to a reversal effect on tissue hypoxia.
4	molecular analysis of the HLA-DR-DQ and tumor necrosis factor region identifies new markers for goitrous Hashimoto's thyroiditis. strongest relative risk conferred by DQw7 (RR = 4.
4	current state-of-the-art MR imaging offers a high resolution evaluation of cardiac anatomy in the child with congenital heart disease. echocardiography remains the standard initial evaluation modality. applications for this modality continue to be defined, but some indications have become clear.
4	69 hepatitis B virus surface antigen positive patients were studied. pre-S(1)Ag cleared before HBsAg in six of 14 patients who progressed favourably. the first markers to clear were HBeAg and DNA-HBV.
4	morphologic features of a lesion may not consistently predict biologic behavior. the DNA content of tumors can be studied with a flow cytometer. a neoplasm may provide the clinician important prognostic information.
0	treatment of relapsed non-Hodgkin's lymphomas with dexamethasone, high-dose cytarabine, cisplatin. interim chemotherapy is often necessary while awaiting bone marrow transplantation. patients failed primary therapy with doxorubicin-based regimens.
0	two neonates presented with cranial enlargements a few weeks after birth. one died intraoperatively; the other is the longest known survivor, alive 7 years and 9 months after subtotal excision of a mature teratoma.
4	upper genital tract isolates at delivery as predictors of postpartum infections. antibiotic prophylaxis has decreased the risk of endometritis and wound infection. factors that contribute to prophylactic failure are not understood.
3	52 externally supported (EXS) dacron grafts had been implanted for femoropopliteal bypass operations. cumulative patency rate of above-knee grafs was 71.3% at 54 months. kinking and stenosis of the arteriosclerotic proximal and/or mid popliteal artery when the knee was bent were angiographically remarkable.
4	celiac axis syndrome has been a topic of debate since its original description. clinical findings include postprandial abdominal pain, weight loss, and an epigastric bruit.
3	in humans, serotonin has a vasodilating effect on isolated coronary segments. in seven patients with coronary atherosclerosis and seven with control disease, the effect was potentiated by administration of ketanserin. the highest dose increased cross-sectional area by 52 percent and blood flow by 58 percent.
0	55 patients with severe pain from spinal instability secondary to metastatic cancer were referred to hope hospital. one patient had too extensive disease for surgery so 54 were treated by 55 spinal stabilisations; 49 obtained complete relief of pain and two had partial relief. twenty-eight of the patients had clinical evidence of spinal cord or cauda equina compression and were decompressed at the time of stabilisation.
3	distinction between ventricular dysfunction and viable myocardium has important implications. enhanced fluorine-18-labeled fluorodeoxyglucose uptake is evidence of viability. reinjection of thallium-201 at rest immediately after stress imaging may help.
4	angioplasty causes substantial injury to the coronary artery intima and media. restenosis is a manifestation of the general wound healing response. each step has potential inhibitors that could be used for preventive therapy.
4	15 adults with previous natural infection were challenged with the same strain. by 2 months about one-half and by 8 months two-thirds of the subjects became reinfected. within 26 months 73% had two or more and 47% had three or more infections.
4	obstructive sleep apnea following topical oropharyngeal anesthesia in loud snorers. previous studies support the presence of an upper airway reflex mechanism. interference with this reflex mechanism may contribute to the development of occlusion.
4	hiccups were the predominant diaphragmatic movement before 26 weeks' gestational age. fetal breathing was positively correlated with gestation, the greatest increase in breathing occurring between 26 and 32 weeks. the importance of prolonged and repeated recording before any sinister conclusions are drawn.
4	plasma measurement of D-dimer (DD), a specific derivative of crosslinked fibrin, was investigated. plasma concentration of DD has a definite place in the diagnostic procedure for suspected pulmonary embolism. a concentration below 500 micrograms/l rules out the diagnosis in a quarter of patients with inconclusive VQ scans.
3	IPVR is a rare clinical entity that was first diagnosed during life in 1955. in the past 35 years, only 69 patients have been reported. the majority of the patients are asymptomatic and the diagnosis is usually suspected.
4	alcoholic patients were 9.5 times as likely to die as matched community controls. of the 83 surviving and successfully followed patients, 57% were classified as remitted. for those patients who survive, the average course is one of modest improvement.
3	intermittent preexcitation in the Wolff-Parkinson-white syndrome is reported. the concept of electronically mediated conduction across an inexcitable gap.
0	serial magnetic resonance imaging in neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy. MRI findings correlate well with later adverse neurodevelopmental outcome. 8 months appears to be the earliest time at which MRI results correlate well.
0	circulating hGH and insulin-like growth factor-1 may promote leukemic blast cell replication in vivo. anti-hGH antibodies negated the stimulatory effect of hgh and anti-IGF-1 serum abrogated the growth-promoting effect enhanced by IGF-1.
4	low-frequency vibrations travel long distances underground in blind mole rats. findings suggest mechanism of long-distance seismic communication is somatosensory. seismic communication thus appears to be a channel of communication important in evolution underground.
3	verapamil, nifedipine, and diltiazem represent prototype compounds for unique chemical classes with differing pharmacologic properties. combination therapy with other agents usually results in an additive response. side effects are usually mild and reversible.
4	ASSC is a rare complication in adults with sickle cell disease. it is diagnosed clinically by sudden splenic enlargement and a rapid fall in hematocrit. two cases were studied with use of duplex doppler ultrasound, CT, and MR imaging. further study is needed to determine the role of imaging in the diagnosis and treatment of ASSC.
3	46 probands were identified through genetics and renal clinics in australia. 321 offspring who were older than 15 years and had not been previously diagnosed as having ADPKD were identified. of this previously undiagnosed group, 25 (37%) had one or more treatable complications at the time of diagnosis.
1	Yersinia enterocolitica abscess of the bowel is a rare entity. only five cases have previously been reported.
0	liver tumor imaging is the paradigm of the dilemma of diagnostic decision-making. imaging techniques include ultrasound (us), radionuclide scintigraphy (RNS), computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) local factors profoundly influence the selection and sequence of imaging studies.
0	data were analyzed from the statewide cancer registry in dade county, florida. higher rates of cancer among Hispanics were noted for cancers of the gallbladder, liver, and heart. lower rates were observed for cancer of the esophagus, vagina, breast, colon, buccal cavity and pharynx.
1	laparoscopic tubal sterilization can cause severe bowel burns. bowel adhesions could be a complication of the procedure. hot uterine tube or forceps could cause injuries to the serosal surface of the intestine.
4	PTCA of coronary stenoses involving major bifurcations carries a small but significant risk of side branch occlusion. 42 double wire procedures were applied (4%) to protect and/or dilate major coronary side branches. angiographic restenosis was present in 37% (24/65) of bifurcate segments.
3	balloon rupture may result from lesion morphology during coronary angioplasty. each rupture occurred as a pinhole jet of contrast into a diagonal side branch.
4	the effects of the cellular differentiation status and the adhesive-substrate on endothelial cell function in cell culture were measured. a solid plastic, microporous polymeric, and fibronectin (FN) treated polymeric substrate were used as substrates. these findings are being used to design a novel approach to the small diameter synthetic vascular graft problem.
0	laparoscopic pelvic lymphadenectomy was performed in 39 patients. the peritoneum was left open, and the lymph was drained into the retroperitoneal cavity. three to 22 (mean, 8.7) nodes were removed, and there was no significant morbidity.
4	pyoderma gangrenosum complicating Felty's syndrome is described. a 54-year-old woman with the syndrome had mucocutaneous lesions. necrotizing sinusitis and saddle nose deformity were distinctive clinical features.
0	epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor expression in colorectal cancer. degree of expression quantified from integrated optical density measurements. histologically high grade cancers expressed receptors more strongly than those of low grade.
4	DNA aneuploidy in follicular thyroid neoplasms studied. potential value in distinguishing benign from malignant.
1	normal swallow involves a number of closely coordinated neuromuscular events. investigators have identified some small temporal changes in the swallow of older adults as compared with young adults. further research is needed to define completely the primary effects of aging on deglutition.
4	a patient with large left lower pole renal cell carcinoma in a solitary kidney is presented. treated by partial nephrectomy and autotransplantation using splenic arterial and venous anastomoses.
4	ocular manifestations of onchocerciasis in a rain forest area of west africa. prevalence of infection 84% overall, 29% had intraocular microfilariae. over half of the visual impairment caused by onchoceriasis was due to posterior segment diseases.
3	activation of tissue phospholipases may contribute to the development of ischemic cell injury. administration of quinacrine reduced the extent of myocardial necrosis after coronary artery occlusion. preservation of membrane phospholipids, reduced formation of lipoxygenase metabolites, or both may mediate this phenomenon.
4	feeding patterns by mothers and child acceptance of food were measured in a Peruvian village. morbidity surveillance identified 40 children, aged 4-36 months, with diarrhea. results illustrate the importance of carefully examining the behavioral aspects of nutritional intake.
2	129 patients with alopecia areata were treated with diphenylcyclopropenone. before treatment, 85 patients had subtotal or total hair loss. other factors such as age at onset, sex, presence of atopic features did not influence the prognosis significantly.
0	urinary continence following anatomical radical prostatectomy evaluated in 593 consecutive patients. 547 (92%) of whom achieved complete urinary control. stress incontinence was present in 46 patients (8%), of whom 34 (6%) wore 1 or fewer pads per day.
0	an infant presented with a non-metastatic renal spindle cell sarcoma and hypercalcaemia, which resolved after treatment with indomethacin.
4	arterial cannulae used in neonatal ECMO cause hemolysis and red blood cell damage at elevated blood flows. ten french biomedicus, 10 french cook, and 10 french elevath can be used. recommended maximum blood flow rates are given.
3	beta-adrenoceptors were analyzed using radioligand-binding techniques. receptor density was significantly increased in patients in comparison with controls. increase in receptor density in these patients may be related to adaptative changes.
0	digital rectal examinations are relatively cheap and easy but can only detect a small fraction of large-bowel cancers. sigmoidoscopy is more sensitive but its low acceptability to patients has been only partially mitigated by the introduction of the 35-cm flexible instrument. the current lack of strong evidence in support of these screening tests should not be interpreted as evidence against their use.
4	white nipple sign evaluated in 203 separate admissions for bleeding esophageal varices in 145 cirrhotic patients. finding of a white snipple in 18 admissions (9%) did not have predictive value as regards the failure of conservative measures to stop bleeding within 24 hours or rebleeding within 5 days.
4	peristomal varices usually occur in patients with enterostomies who develop portal hypertension. surgical ligation of varices was ineffective in controlling bleeding in two of three patients. injection sclerotherapy, used in three patients, effectively controlled acute bleeding.
0	interstitial chemotherapy with drug polymer implants for treatment of recurrent gliomas. polyanhydride biodegradable polymer implant releases BCNU for 3 weeks. average survival time was 65 weeks for the first dose group, 64 weeks for second dose group.
2	nine (3.7%) of 242 HIV-1 seropositive subjects had antibodies to HTLV-I/II by ELISA. patients with a progressive myelopathy occurring in association with HIV-1 infection should be serologically tested for the presence of htvv.
1	patients with advancing HIV infection are subject to a broad range of complications. the presence of more than one complication at a time is common. areas covered include lymphadenopathy, the HIV wasting syndrome.
4	activation of tissue phospholipases may contribute to the development of ischemic cell injury. administration of quinacrine reduced the extent of myocardial necrosis after coronary artery occlusion. preservation of membrane phospholipids, reduced formation of lipoxygenase metabolites, or both may mediate this phenomenon.
0	CD11c expression characterizes a B-cell chronic lymphoproliferative disorder. this group of leukemias appears to represent a malignant transformation of lymphocytes.
1	gastrointestinal dysmotility is caused by either smooth muscle or intrinsic and extrinsic nerves dysfunction. patients with neuromuscular disease of the gastrointestinal tract have a wide range of clinical manifestations. there is no effective drug to improve gastrointestinal motility.
2	study examined the effect of fluid-percussion injury on brain temperature in anesthetized rats. temporalis muscle temperature correlated well with brain temperature over a 30 degrees to 40 degrees C range. results indicated that brain injury itself does not influence brain temperature.
0	mature cystic teratoma of the ovary ruptured in a 51-year-old woman. recurred as a large intrahepatic tumor mass and a small mass in the transverse colon 17 years later.
1	206 volunteer blood donors were tested for hepatitis B virus DNA. none of the 206 plasma samples was positive for HBV DNA by dot blot hybridization. nine samples were positive for PCR using two primer pairs specific for surface and core regions.
3	single-photon emission computed tomography can provide quantitative estimates of cerebral blood volume and regional cerebral blood flow in humans. the technique was used in nine normal human volunteers and seven patients with bilateral occlusion or severe stenosis of the internal carotid artery.
3	somatostatin analogue octreotide has been reported to induce a pressor response. rise in blood pressure was not accompanied by an increase in plasma norepinephrine level. pressor effect is probably through splanchnic vasoconstriction.
2	effects of cerebrospinal fluid overdrainage are subdural hematoma, craniosynosis, slit ventricle syndrome, low intracranial pressure syndrome. approximate averages of incidence and time of occurrence after first shunt reveal an overall incidence of 10%-12%.
0	death rate and causes of death during 1975 through 1984 determined in pima Indians. death certificates were available for 677 of the 681 deaths. age- and sex-adjusted average annual death rate was 1.9 times the 1980 rate for the u.s. all races. diseases of the heart and malignant neoplasms caused 59% of U.S. deaths in 1980.
2	acetabular labrum detachment increases the risk of clinical failure. 83% of patients with a detached labrum had excellent or good results. other factors, such as the level and angle of osteotomy did not affect the results.
4	280 abdominal aortic aneurysms (urgent and elective) treated by exclusion and bypass. thirty-day mortality rate was 4%; estimated blood loss was 731 +/- 52 ml. no late infections occurred. five-year bypass patency rate was 98%.
2	development of language skills in the isolated right hemisphere was investigated. left hemispherectomy patients were severely impaired in language processing. the consequences of a right hemisphere insult on language development were more restricted.
3	total vented bypass can attenuate the regional ischemic effect during a defined time interval before controlled reperfusion. thirty-three dogs underwent 2 or 4 hours of occlusion of the left anterior descending coronary artery.
0	examples of implementation in one health maintenance organization (hmo) are given. immunization for influenza and follow up of positive screening tests are discussed. developers cannot expect that their guidelines will be incorporated into clinical practice.
1	freckling is an endoscopic feature of the cecum. clusters of 1 to 2 mm round or oval slightly raised spots are common. recognition of mucosal frecking around the appendiceal orifice helps identify cecum, pathology.
1	reflexogenic stimuli applied to the extrinsic muscles of the eye increase gastrin levels. intravenous atropine (0.01 mg.kg-1), general anaesthesia with halothane in nitrous oxide and oxygen by mask for three minutes did not cause any variation in the mean serum gastric concentration. tracheal intubation and surgical stress increased blood glucose concentrations (P less than 0.
0	activation of three second messenger systems affects pancreastatin secretion. phorbol ester (0.025-7.5 microM) stimulated a dose-related release of PST. 8-bromo-cAMP and isobutylmethylxanthine (ionomycin) increased the release of pst.
4	the risk of secondary leukaemia increased sharply with the amount of treatment given as measured by the number of attempts at treatment. the greatest risk was seen in multiply treated patients who were unlikely to be cured of Hodgkin's disease.
4	6-mercaptopurine is often used to treat adolescents with intractable Crohn's disease. this study shows its long-term efficacy has not yet been studied in this population. annual rates of hospitalization decreased in 44% of subjects during treatment.
4	axillosubclavian vein thrombosis produced by retrosternal thyroid. thrombus of the innominate vein caused by a giant substernal thyroid.
4	malakoplakia is an unusual inflammatory condition characterized histopathologically by accumulations of benign macrophages, or von Hansemann's cells. it most commonly occurs in the urinary tract and is associated with a variety of infectious agents, notably gram-negative bacilli.
3	the origin and distribution of the coronary arteries was described in 39 autopsy specimens. position of the truncal cusps was defined in relation to intracardiac structures. the anatomic right ventricle was always observed to be vascularized by a right artery.
4	etiology was congenital, traumatic, myasthenic, and vascular. 14 patients were cured, 6 had improved, and 1 remained unchanged. surgery consisted of resection of paralyzed muscle.
4	mo-muLV induces T-cell lymphoma when inoculated into neonatal mice. enhancer variant has reduced leukemogenicity and is deficient in induction of preleukemic hyperplasia. mo+PyF101 mo-MuLV-inoculating mice did not generate detectable MCF recombinants.
1	73 women had elective laparoscopy for various gynaecological procedures. no refluxes were recorded during the 63 procedures from which results could be analysed. two of the excluded women refluxed during episodes of hiccough.
4	hemorrhoidectomy was performed in 25 of 12,455 pregnant women from 1983 to 1989. twenty-two women were in their third trimester, 80 percent were multiparous. surgery directed at removing only symptomatic disease.
4	artificial urinary sphincters (aus) were implanted around intestinal segments. they have been used to achieve urinary continence in 8 patients. the current model of the aus is unsuitable for the treatment of faecal incontinence.
4	there were 65 patients who had cordotomies for painful forms of cancer. in the majority no forms of tactile sensibility were altered by division. knowledge of joint position and movement was normal in 62 of the 65 patients.
2	bilateral homonymous visual field defects as initial manifestation of multiple sclerosis. extensive demyelinating areas in both optic nerve radiations. the mode of onset, perimetric findings, and unusual presentation are briefly discussed.
3	severity of single-vessel coronary arterial stenosis and duration of angina as determinants of recruitable collateral vessels during balloon angioplasty occlusion. the presence of collateral vessels was defined as partial or complete epicardial opacification by collateral vessels of the vessel dilated.
4	the long-term results of standard techniques of oesophagectomy were examined in 127 patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the ossifice. a near-total o.s.o.phagectomy with a cervical anastomosis was performed in 93 patients and an oosophagogastrectomy was carried out in 34 patients. eight patients received radiotherapy to the tumour bed.
0	new lasers have allowed for the safe and effective treatment of port-wine stains. the satisfactory results obtained by laser treatment have increased the number of patients seeking consultation regarding their birthmarks.
3	a major limitation to the effective treatment of intrinsic brain stem lesions has been the inability to clearly define the pathological anatomy radiographically. the object of this paper is to report the successful treatment of four intrinsic lesions of the brain stem and to present an overview of the relevant published experience.
4	dietary deficiency of vitamin e and selenium exacerbates ischemic injury in the rat kidney. deficient diets imposed for six weeks on three-week-old weanling rats led to no significant differences in body weights, serum creatinine, GFR, RBF, TmPAH or urinary total protein excretory rates prior to ischemia. glutathione peroxidase activity was reduced to less than 5% in the basal state.
2	cardiovascular disease was responsible for 60.9% of all deaths with coronary artery disease accounting for 45.1% of such cases. diseases of the central nervous and respiratory systems accounted for 8.7 and 8.6% of the natural deaths.
0	718 women underwent biopsy of the breast for suspicious, mammographically detected lesions. patients with a benign outcome had an average age of 55 years. 20 per cent of these patients had a positive family history for carcinoma.
4	myelodysplastic syndromes result in disorderly and ineffective hematopoiesis. approximately one third of cases evolve to acute myeloid leukemia. many additional cases terminate in severe bone marrow failure.
4	prospective study of acute central retinal artery obstruction. six patients developed neovascularization of the iris, an incidence of 18.2%. in majority of cases, carotid artery disease is not responsible.
2	twenty-five patients (seven male, 18 female) diagnosed with loin pain and haematuria syndrome. renal biopsies performed in 20 patients and showed no glomerular pathology. histological appearance in vessels was similar to that seen in cyclosporin A nephrotoxicity.
0	femoral mononeuropathy is a recognized complication following abdominal and vaginal hysterectomy.
4	interruption of critical aortoiliac collateral circulation during nonvascular operations may threaten limb viability. this occurred in four patients whose limb-threatening ischemia was precipitated by radical cystectomy. important collateral pathways, the interruption of which may account for this phenomenon, are detailed.
2	orthopedic nurses are in a position to contribute to the positive management of pain. we need to believe the patient's pain, try new approaches, and help our patients achieve pain relief.
2	multicentre follow-up study of 1152 patients with myasthenia gravis in italy. disease was correctly diagnosed within 2 years of the onset in 80% of cases. thymectomy seemed to improve the course of the disease, mostly in women.
1	gastric stasis has long been suspected of being present with primary adrenal insufficiency. this represents the first case in which it has been documented.
4	between January 1970 and June 1988, 29 such keratoacanthomas in 18 patients were irradiated. measured end points of therapy were (1) initial response, (2) freedom from recurrence. no lesion progressed and all eventually regressed completely.
0	renal ultrasonography was performed in 45,905 adults. lesions were found in 355 adults (0.858%) in the asymptomatic group. renal cell carcinoma was found in 35 (7.5%) lesions.
4	children with chronic osteomyelitis because of mycobacteria or mycoses are included within the specific group. lesions following late acute osteitis are usually cured following surgery and antibiotics. chronic multifocal os is self-limiting, but surgery is ineffective.
4	mutations in the K-ras oncogene induced by 1,2-dimethylhydrazine in rat colonic mucosa. mutations were detected in preneoplastic and adenomas, and in carcinomas. these mutations occurred as early as 15 wk after beginning carcinogen injections in 2 out of 11 rats.
3	40 patients with complete atrioventricular canal underwent primary repair. age at repair ranged from 2 months to 6 years (mean 19 months) surgical mortality was 2.5%. justification for early primary repair was examined.
4	the authors reviewed 55 pairs of chest radiographs and computed tomographic (CT) studies. 21 episodes of fungal infection were documented in 33 febrile bone marrow transplant recipients. CT studies demonstrating complicated nodules in febrile BMT patients strongly suggest a fungal pulmonary infection.
4	bizarre stromal cells in polyps and ulcers of the gastrointestinal tract. misdiagnosis of malignant neoplasm was made in six of the 33 patients. cells stained strongly for vimentin in 20 of 23 cases.
2	40 patients with chronic pain disorders of different causes were selected for spinal cord stimulation. thirteen patients (30%) failed to obtain significant pain relief during a trial stimulation period. the remainder underwent a definitive implant and were followed for a mean of 13 months.
2	the authors describe a case of cervical syringomyelia developing after the partial resection of a chordoma of the clivus and combined conventional and proton beam irradiation. the possible mechanisms causing this abnormality are discussed.
1	portagen, pregestimil, and prosobee were tested for efficacy in refeeding infants. diluted cow milk is poorly tolerated by infants with severe diarrhea. patients fed Portagen completed the 72-hour treatment.
0	68 cutaneous squamous cell neoplasms and 26 basal cell carcinomas from 89 patients were analyzed for DNA sequences homologous to the human papillomavirus (HPV) types found predominantly in the genital tract. HPV-16 is restricted for cutaneous epithelial malignancies to genitalia and the finger.
0	bladder outlet obstruction due to pelvic lipoma in a 31-year-old white man. mass was evaluated by plain film, computerized tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. the differential diagnosis of fat-containing extraperitoneal pelvic masses is discussed.
4	arterial tree mapping is a technique for three-dimensional determination of arterial supply patterns in cadaver soft tissue. in situ angiograms and photographs are supplemented with profile angiogrammes of relatively narrow bands of tissue from the removed specimen. the described method was better suited for mapping the course and supply patterns of a soft-tissue arterial network.
0	serotonin S3 receptor blockade with ondansetron prevents nausea and emesis. cyclophosphamide was given in doses of 500 to 600 mg/m2. 70% of patients treated by ondanetron did not vomit, compared with 10% of placebo patients.
2	human movement systems are often treated as one-dimensional, single-axis, rigid bodies. this approach often leads to conclusions about the control of movement that do not relate to the control demands placed on the central nervous system. the purpose of this article is to examine two movement systems that have the potential to act in multiple spatial dimensions with variable muscle action patterns when performing a stabilizing task.
1	angiotensin II effects on glomerular filtration rate and renal plasma flow studied. cirrhotic rats had a higher glomerulus filtration and plasma flow than control animals. no functional differences were found between control and cirhotic animals in the response.
2	a case of progressive aphasia without clinical signs of intellectual or behavioral impairment. 133xenon inhalation, technetium 99m hexamethylpropyleneamine oxime and single photon emission computerized tomography used.
4	beta-adrenergic effects on carbohydrate metabolism in the unweighted rat soleus muscle. isoproterenol promotes glycogen degradation more in the weight-bearing soleus. at 100 microu insulin/ml but not at a lower amount (10 microu/m) insulin antagonism, glycogenolysis or inhibition of glycogenesis not altered by unweighting.
0	wound complications after immediate breast reconstruction are as safe as mastectomy alone. obesity, age, smoking, antibiotics, and wound drainage were examined as possible risk factors. in the modified radical mastectomy group, age of 60 years or older was associated with seroma.
4	bell's palsy is thought to be an idiopathic polyneuritis. routine follow-up care ensures that recovery is occurring.
0	between 1982 and 1989, 134 patients with a suspected liver neoplasm were referred to the liver unit, queen elizabeth hospital, Birmingham. in 105 (78 per cent), a primary hepatic tumor was histologically confirmed. twenty-nine orthotopic liver transplants were performed in 28 of these patients (27 per cent). twenty patients (71 per cent) survived 30 days or longer (median 11.
4	in dogs with arterially transplanted autovein grafts, intimal hyperplasia is significant. in groups with high flow rate, there was a marked transformation of smooth muscle cells. these findings suggest that, in regions of low wall shear stress variation,. the surface of the intima was lined with endothelial cells at 2 weeks after implantation.
3	release of intraoperative thigh tourniquets on cerebral blood flow was examined. middle cerebral artery blood flow increased significantly from 52 +/- 6 (SEM) to 82 +/-24 cm/s. positive linear correlation was found between flow velocity and PETCO2 on each occasion.
0	remission reinforcement therapy was added to a four-drug induction regimen. patients were randomly assigned to conventional continuation treatment or four pairs of drugs rotated weekly or every 6 weeks. this intensified chemotherapy may cure 69-77% of children with ALL.
4	DNA deletion associated with example of (epsilon gamma delta beta)zero thalassemia (scottish-irish type) deletion is approximately 205 kb in length. breakpoint is located 263 bp 3' to exon 3 of the beta globin gene.
4	essential fatty acid deficiency ameliorates acute renal dysfunction in the rat. EFAD inhibits macrophage infiltration in glomerulonephritis.
4	microsurgical discectomy technique developed in homburg/saar, germany. results in the microsurgical group were significantly favorable. authors conclude that microsurgical technique is safe and effective.
2	neuro-ophthalmic manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus infection. both the afferent visual pathways and ocular motor system may be affected. coexisting infections and neoplastic processes in the eye and brain create a diagnostic challenge.
4	reciprocal inhibition of forearm flexor and extensor muscles in spastic hemiplegia secondary to a focal cerebral lesion and 14 normal volunteers.
0	growth hormone (GH) secretion during insulin-induced hypoglycemia was assessed on 133 occasions in 82 survivors of childhood malignant disease. results of one third of the GH tests were defined as normal (GH peak response, greater than 15 mU/L) within the first 5 years.
3	indium-111(111In)-antimyosin scintigraphy was investigated in 27 patients with myocardial infarction. uptake of 111In was present in 9 of 10 patients (90%) within 6 days. positive scans were seen in 16 of 16 patients (100%) including 13 (81%) who had normal creatine kinase levels.
0	35 augmented women underwent mammography using both the standard implant-compression technique and, when possible, the implant-displacement technique. the area of mammographically visualized breast tissue before and after augmentation mammaplasty was measured using a transparent grid. patients with subglandular implants had a mean decrease of 49 percent of measurable tissue area.
3	a porcine rectus abdominis musculocutaneous (TRAM) flap model was designed and validated in nine pigs. the model was subsequently used to test our hypothesis of surgical augmentation of flap viability by vascular territory expansion. ligation of the superior epigastric (SE) vessels at 4, 7, 14, and 28 days (N = 6 to 8) prior to raising the TRAM flaps significantly increased the length and area of the viable skin.
2	motor units play an integral role in muscle physiology. there is no widely accepted technique for quantifying or estimating the number of motor units in a muscle.
4	transient esophageal ulceration is common after sclerotherapy of varices. small proportion of these ulcers become chronic and resistant to conventional therapy. omeprazole, a proton pump inhibitor, was examined in the current study.
0	168 patients with previously untreated, measurable, advanced colorectal cancer were randomized. arm A was significantly better than arm B with respect to overall response rate. the combination of MTX with LV rescue and 5-FU was more effective.
4	the epidemiology of acute respiratory tract infection (ARI) was investigated in a rural community 80 km north of Nairobi, kenya. the yearly incidence of respiratory tract infections decreased from 5.2 to 3.4 during the study. respiratory infections possibly played a role in most cases.
3	a 44-year-old man with chronic chagasic cardiomyopathy underwent latissimus dorsi dynamic cardiomyoplasty and died 4 months later. the clinicopathological findings are discussed, and the literature is reviewed.
4	antimelanoma antibody labeled with technetium 99m imaged 28 of 32 confirmed metastatic sites. nodal basins and visceral metastases accounted for the highest percentage of metastatic site imaged. benign tumors and nodals not containing disease accounted a confirmed false-positive rate of 21%.
3	interaction between genetic and environmental factors is important in the pathophysiology of hypertension. stress and sodium intake in neural control of renal function in hypertensive rats.
1	percutaneous catheter drainage of infected pancreatic and peripancreatic fluid collections may serve as definitive therapy. of six patients representing failures of percutaneous drainage, four died and two recovered after operative drainage. based on this experience, recommendations regarding patient selection are included.
1	84 pregnant patients underwent laparotomy with a preoperative diagnosis of acute appendicitis. fifty-four patients (64%) had pathologically proven acute appendicitis; incidence did not vary by trimester. operation occurred within 24 hours of symptom onset in 19 of 54 (35%) instances.
4	antibody titers to Epstein-Barr virus were determined in 13 patients with iridocorneal endothelial syndrome and in 13 healthy race-, age-, and sex-matched controls. serologic profiles suggest that the patients examined had a cellular immune abnormality sufficient to permit reactivation of latent infection.
4	rats with bands placed on aortic arch at 23 days of age and sham-operated rats were compared. there was an 87% increase in heart weight of BAND compared with SHAM. ischemic contracture occurred earlier in BAND than in SHAM, despite no difference in ATP.
4	portasystemic (PS) shunts have been regarded as a relative contraindication to hepatic transplantation (HT) they can cause increased technical difficulties during the transplant operation. this study compared operative blood loss, morbidity and mortality in 27 patients with PS and 147 patients with no PS who underwent HT. there were no significant differences in the mean (plus or minus S.d.) intraoperative blood transfusion (9.1 +/- 7.6 versus 9.
3	caliber-persistent artery of the stomach manifests as hematemesis. the lesion often is not seen endoscopically. this is the first reported case in which a pathologically proven lesion has been clearly visualized by angiography.
4	little is known about the mechanism(s) in the development of restenosis after excimer laser angioplasty. laser ablation was performed in the right carotid artery of 34 new Zealand white rabbits. after 42 days, no additional increase of intimal thickening occurred.
3	a myocardial infarction prognostic scoring system for patients is described. the variables that were used in the scoring system were Killip hemodynamic class, infarct location, and the maximal ST segment elevation in a single lead.
0	extrahepatic metabolism of morphine occurs in humans. pharmacokinetics studied in radiologic localization of an insulinoma. terminal half-life was 92 +/- 9 minutes, total body clearance was 1260 ml.min-1.
0	131I treatment of thyroid papillary carcinoma in a patient with renal failure. detailed dosimetry and health safety aspects were obtained. surprisingly significant reduction in biologic half-life due to efficient dialysis extraction.
3	calcium-entry blockade by felodipine discloses different pathogenetic mechanisms. 2 consecutive series of patients, selected on the basis of their response to a hyperventilation test, were studied. group I comprised 15 patients who developed ST-segment depression early during overbreathing.
4	retinal threshold sensitivity was measured in euglycemic diabetic subjects and in the same subjects during insulin-induced hypoglycemia. decreased retinal sensitivity, most marked in temporal meridians, was observed during periods of reduced blood glucose levels.
0	procedure that measures amplification of oncogenes in human cancer cells is described. cells were obtained by fine-needle biopsy to allow repeated sampling. technique is suitable for analyzing alterations occurring during cancer progression.
1	a plasma protease which is expressed during supramaximal stimulation causes in vitro subcellular redistribution of lysosomal enzymes in rat exocrine pancreas. cathepsin B is relocalized to the subcellular zymogen granule-rich fraction of the pancreatic cytoplasm.
4	ephedrine is an effective antiemetic agent with minimal sedative side effects. 97 patients underwent general anesthesia for outpatient gynecologic laparoscopy. patients were assigned in a double-blind randomized fashion.
2	supported employment was used to place 41 persons into competitive employment. almost 70% of injuries were due to motor vehicle accidents. a job retention rate of 71% was reported.
3	moderate hypothermia (30 degrees C) induced before circulatory arrest is known to improve cerebral and cardiac outcome. normothermic ventricular fibrillation cardiac arrest (no blood flow) of 17 minutes reversed by cardiopulmonary bypass. electroencephalographic activity returned significantly earlier in groups II and III.
0	gadolinium 1,4,7-tris(carboxymethyl)-10-(2'-hydroxypropyl)-1,4,7,10-tetraazacycl ododecane (HP-DO3A) is a nonionic chelate with superior in vitro stability. administration of doses up to 0.3 mmol/kg, three times the dose of gadopentetate dimeglumine approved by fda, was safe.
0	limb salvage is now an option for the majority of patients with locally invasive neoplasms. increase in functional outcome is sufficient to warrant serious consideration.
3	between february and july 1989, 22 patients underwent the use of the Stack autoperfusion catheter following complicated angioplasty. only one patient (4.5%) required surgical revascularization.
2	DNA from 176 carriers of the Tay-sachs gene was tested for the presence of the three mutations most commonly found among Ashkenazi Jews. 108 had the insertion mutation, 26 had splice junction mutation, five had the adult mutation, and nine had none of three.
4	two sisters and a first cousin presented with rigid spine and facio-scapulo-peroneal muscle atrophy. the patients belonged to a family with two first-cousin marriages.
4	amenorrhea, the lack of menstruation, is a gynecologic disorder. it may arise from a variety of causes.
4	splenectomy is the preferred treatment for patients with Gaucher's disease. there was one postoperative death, 13 patients had postoperative complications. eight patients have died since surgery.
1	clinical function and anorectal physiological function were assessed in 20 patients with ulcerative colitis before restorative proctocolectomy. the entire anal sphincter was preserved by means of a stapled pouch-anal anastomosis. ability to discriminate flatus from faeces was associated with return of the rectoanal inhibitory reflex and sampling.
2	flow-volume loops are clinically useful in evaluating upper airway obstruction. nasal compared with oral FVLs were used to evaluate patients with obstructive sleep apnea. patients with OSA had flow limitation during expiration and inspiration.
1	jejunal immunoglobulin and antigliadin antibody secretion in adult coeliac disease. there was a two-fold and a fivefold increase in jejunals of IgA (both monomeric and polymeric) and IgM compared with control subjects.
4	related cutaneous manifestations were found in 58 patients with essential thrombocythemia. hemomatomas, ecchymoses, petechiae, or purpura occurred in 24 (41%) of the 58. knowledge of the skin manifestations may lead to its earlier detection.
3	this article reviews the pathology, pathophysiology, diagnosis, and treatment of vascular lesions of the intestine as a cause of gastrointestinal bleeding. a modified system for classifying such lesions, based on the author's personal experience, is presented.
4	the role of a critical care unit in life-threatening situations is well established. the management of 52 children with acute gastroenteritis is described. solutions to the problems in the critical care management of these 74 victims are discussed.
3	radiotracer measures of norepinephrine overflow to plasma are well suited for studying human sympathetic nervous system responses to mental stress. in primary human hypertension, a differentiated activation of the sympathetic outflow to the heart and kidneys is present.
0	18 patients with soft tissue masses underwent integrated magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and phosphorus spectroscopy (31P-MRS) to evaluate benign and malignant tumor morphology and metabolism. spectra from soft tissue tumors had a significantly higher proportion of phosphate in the low-energy portion of the 31P spectrum.
2	coronary bypass grafting has undergone an evolution in recent years. between 1981 and 1987, patients were found to be older, more often diabetic. intraaortic balloon pumping was infrequently used in 1981 but was used in 72.1% in 1987.
4	recombinant human erythropoietin (r-HuEPO) administered to a jehovah's witness refusing blood transfusions. increased her nadir packed cell volume from 13% to 37% and reticulocyte count from 2% to 17.7%.
4	etiologic heterogeneity and cardiac findings in 20 children with marfanoid features. echocardiography showed aortic root enlargement in 12 (80%) of 15 patients.
2	in 1953, two patients, Cecil Roe and Albert Woolley, sued their anaesthetist for alleged negligence. the court found that phenol had percolated the glass through invisible cracks. new information has been obtained and the case re-examined objectively.
0	surgical margins of a cutaneous neoplasm can be evaluated by various combinations of sections. vertical sections may run transversely through tumor (breadloaf method) or peripheral to the tumor. peripheral (perimeter) sectioning methods are the only methods that can evaluate almost 100% of the margin.
3	41 patients with chronic venous insufficiency underwent 43 flow reconstruction procedures. free veno-venous bypass was the most frequently used procedure. temporary arteriovenous fistulas to improve patency were used in the most complex cases.
2	single thalamic neurons identified with activity related to verbally cued active movements (movement-related cells) activity of each neuron examined during different contralateral movements. optimal response determined by analysis of histograms of neuronal activity.
4	three patients with hypotension and sinus bradycardia responded well to intravenous calcium. common factors were hyperkalemia and verapamil therapy. effects of hyperkalemic dogs could be reversed by calcium, 0.4 mEq/kg intravenously.
3	the presence of extension into the vena cava does not preclude curative resection for extensive renal cell carcinomas. however, preoperative assessment is necessary to plan operative strategies.
3	air embolism of the brain in rabbits pretreated with mechlorethamine. infusion of 400 microliters air caused immediate 41.9 +/- 0.8% dilatation of embolized vessels. values were significantly different from those at baseline and from the responses of 10 control rabbits given equivalent intracarotid saline infusions.
4	two hundred eighty-one alcoholic patients were evaluated during a 4-yr period. patients with combined cirrhosis and alcoholic hepatitis exhibited the worst prognosis.
3	new technique for arterial switch operation in difficult situations. avoids coronary reimplantation and eliminates need for artificial material.
2	72 obstructive sleep apnea patients with polysomnograms taken before and after uvulopalatopharyngoplasty were evaluated. postoperatively, there was a significant improvement of sleep architecture and respiratory indices.
1	evaluation of portal-systemic shunting in rats from mesenteric and splenic beds. 95 +/- 0.9% of the slenic blood flow is shunted from the portal to the systemic circulation. several biochemical and endocrine consequences occur at levels below expected.
4	treatment of moderate-to-severe hypothermia in an urban setting. used a combination of core rewarming techniques.
2	hyperprolactinemia is a recognized cause of impotence. pharmacotherapy in this instance is highly successful. the predominant symptom is loss of libido.
0	calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) circulates in normal plasma. plasma CGRP concentrations are frequently high in patients with medullary thyroid carcinoma. a new immunochemiluminometric assay is sensitive and highly specific.
0	five intraductal papillary neoplasms of the pancreas were analyzed for the presence of the Ras gene mutations. three (60%) of the five analyzed cases showed point mutations at K-ras codon 12. the mutations did not correlate with the severity of cellular atypia, but was apparently related to the size of the tumor.
0	hyper-reactive malarial splenomegaly (hrms) can be associated with a prominent lymphocytosis in blood and bone marrow that is difficult to distinguish clinically from chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (cll) some patients with HMS become resistant to treatment with anti-malarial drugs, leading to the suggestion that HMS may evolve into a malignant lymphoproliferative disorder.
3	cutaneous leukocytoclastic vasculitis in association with pheochromocytoma. the patient presented with constitutional symptoms, severe hypertension, and purpuric lesions over the knees, thighs, and penis.
3	a task force committee of the european society of cardiology, aha and acc recommends high-resolution or signal-averaged electrocardiogram. data are available to recommend its use in patients recovering from myocardial infarction without bundle branch block.
4	cerebral glucose utilization is not normal during sleep in Landau-Kleffner syndrome. metabolic pattern varied between the children but disturbances always predominated over the temporal lobes. lower metabolic rates in subcortical structures than in cortex were also noted.
4	previous studies have suggested that gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) is a key factor in the syndrome of portasystemic encephalopathy. our results conflict with the hypothesis that GABA itself is the key mediator of the syndrome.
4	study of 58 consecutive infants operated for congenital hypertrophic pyloric stenosis revealed an accentuated male predominance in the incidence of the disease. postoperative vomiting occurred in 13.8% of patients and wound sepsis was not encountered.
2	36 of 141 asymptomatic patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation had hypodense areas consistent with cerebral infarction. aging and increased left atrial diameter were the only clinical features associated with infarct. the association with enlarged left atria and lack of correlation with major cerebrovascular risk factors suggests a cardioembolic mechanism.
3	postoperative infection of ascending aorta and transverse arch in 40 patients was treated by antibiotic therapy alone (4 patients) or by operation and lifelong suppressive antibiotic therapy (36 patients) complications of infection included antibiotic-resistant infection, infected false aneurysm, rupture of suture line, arterial embolus, valve insufficiency. 33 patients (83%) were early survivors, and 28 patients (70%) were alive and well at last follow-up 4 months to 6.5 years after operation.
3	nalbuphine reverses respiratory depression of large doses of fentanyl. however, hypertension, increased heart rate and significant increase in analogue pain scores accompanied reversal of respiratory depression.
4	hepatocyte expression of HBcAg in relation to serum HBeAg and liver histology. both antisera showed a similar pattern in terms of the distribution. however, polyclonal antibody seemed to be more sensitive in detecting hbc in the cytoplasm.
0	long-term results of operation for non-small cell lung cancer in the elderly. operative mortality rate was 3%, and 5-year survival rate was 48%. number of elderly patients who smoked heavily or who had ventilatory defects was high.
1	double-contrast radiographic techniques used to clarify changes in the configuration and movements of the gastroduodenal junction. the most common site for peptic lesions was the protuberance of the lesser curvature called the pyloric torus. treatment with antisecretory agents led to the healing of ulcer craters.
0	42 patients with advanced malignancy judged unlikely to respond to standard treatment. patients likely to do well can be selected by tumor type, response status, and performance status. nine of 36 assessable patients had a complete response (CR) and 13 a PR.
1	nonsteroidal antiinflammatory agents can relieve renal colic by a mechanism of action different from that of narcotics. the authors prospectively administered oral indomethacin, 50 mg, to 25 nonvomiting patients. pain relief was not significantly associated with duration of pain before treatment or with patient age or sex.
0	a prospective study evaluated the role of computed tomographic scanning in predicting chest wall invasion by peripheral lung cancer. the depth of chest wall involvement did not affect survival, except for extensive rib and soft tissue infiltration.
0	five hundred one women from Dallas county, texas, were selected because of a self-reported family history of breast cancer (cases) they were matched with 501 randomly selected women from the same county with no family history (controls) there was a statistically significant trend with age for an increasing proportion of women to report having undergone mammography.
1	carbon tetrachloride-induced alterations of hepatic calmodulin and free calcium levels in rats pretreated with chlordecone. previous studies indicated excessive accumulation of Ca2+ in hepatocytes after previous dietary exposure to 10 ppm chloride. CCl4 administration resulted in a slight increase in phosphorylase a starting at 6 hr after administration to normal rats.
2	characteristic feature of cervical motion in athetoid CP is "whip movement" kinematic abnormalities thought to generate greater shearing force and bending moment. authors: cervical motion could precipitate disc degeneration and osteophysis.
4	recurrent rhegmatogenous retinal detachment sometimes occurs following scleral buckling surgery in the absence of advanced proliferative vitreoretinopathy (grade C-2 or greater) techniques that may be useful for reattaching the retina in these cases include: 1) adding scleral bucking material to augment the original buckle; 2) modifying the existing buckle without adding new material; and 4) re-treating inadequately closed breaks.
4	electrophysiologic abnormalities alone were present in 27 patients (90%) sinus node dysfunction in 14 patients (47%), delayed atrio-ventricular nodal conduction in 1 (3%), an inducible atrial tachycardia in 7 (23%), and sustained ventricular arrhythmia in 21 (70%). potential causes of sudden cardiac arrest were found in all patients and were multiple in 13 patients (43%).
1	Helicobacter pylori cultured from antral mucosal biopsy specimens of patients with non-autoimmune gastritis was examined for urease, protease, and mucolytic activity. filtrate failed to hydrolyse bovine serum albumin, or to degrade stable mucus glycoprotein structures of high particle weight.
4	more than 100 patients with deep fungal infections treated with itraconazole in northern italy. response was obtained in the case of sporotrichosis and in 24 of 34 patients with different forms of aspergillosis. of the 31 patients who received maintenance therapy for up to 27 months, 4 (13%) had relapses.
4	in 81 small-for-gestational age fetuses (SGA) colour flow imaging was used to identify the fetal middle cerebral artery for subsequent pulsed doppler studies. a significant quadratic relation was found between hypoxaemia and the degree of reduction in the PI of FVWs.
4	adverse events occurred in 3.7 percent of the hospitalizations in 1984. the percentage of adverse events attributable to negligence increased with age. adverse events due to negligence was markedly higher among the elderly.
4	a human papillomavirus type 18-immortalized human keratinocyte cell line is used as a model. cells of cell line FEP-1811 were nontumorigenic in athymic mice through 12 passages. after 32 passages they were weakly tumorigenic, producing tumors that regressed.
2	five patients died shortly after developing cerebral infarction following thrombotic occlusion of the internal carotid artery. rupture of fibrous lining over the gruel of atheroma at the origin of the stenotic artery was the cause.
0	cholangiocarcinoma can now be diagnosed with greater rapidity and accuracy. as many as half of all patients explored with curative intent will have a successful resection. the role of radiotherapy in the management of cholanoma is uncertain.
2	abdominal pain need not necessarily reside in the viscera; the abdominal wall is another source of symptoms. some causes of abdominal wall pain are obvious, e.g. hernias, but not so others such as nerve entrapment syndromes.
3	fifty-two patients with axillary-subclavian vein thrombosis were treated in the last 10 years. catheter insertion related in 28% and 49%, and malignancy or systemic disease in 24% and 25%, respectively. more patients with this condition seen recently are catheter-insertion related.
3	repeated temporary clipping of the middle cerebral artery can give rise to severe neurological deficits after surgery. three 20-minute occlusions in a 1-hour interval were performed in 20 cats. pial arteries were dilated by 40% at the end of experiment, regional cerebral blood flow decreased to about 70%.
2	bleeding and renal failure are the main manifestations responsible for the high morbidity and mortality in untreated Russell's viper bite victims. this study was an effort to find prognostic factors and a practical therapeutic approach for the care of such patients.
0	nitrosourea fotemustine was studied in 153 patients with disseminated malignant melanoma. the objective response rate was 24.2% (95% confidence interval: 17.4% to 31.0%) response was also documented on cerebral (25.0%), visceral (19.2%) or nonvisceral (31.8%) metastatic sites.
0	intravenous urography and retrograde pyelography are the primary radiologic studies for detecting ureteral carcinoma. computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) delineate the extent of the tumor with a high degree of accuracy. in selected cases, CT and MRI are valuable for assessing the presence or absence of tumor in a stump.
4	Parkinson's disease (PD) patients have been reported to be unable to modify their movement velocity to adapt to changing environmental demands. PD patients usually exhibit a nearly constant peak velocity, whereas elderly subjects show an increase of their peak velocity with increased amplitude.
3	impaired left ventricular (LV) diastolic filling at rest is frequently observed in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) relation between regional and global LV function at rest and during exercise-induced ischemia was evaluated in 49 patients with radionuclide angiography. impaired LV filling and regional asynchrony predict functional severity of CAD.
0	47 patients with metastatic or unresectable renal cell carcinoma treated with interleukin-2 and lymphokine-activated killer (LAK)-cell therapy. IL-2 was administered initially by intravenous bolus (10(5) u/kg [cetus corp, emeryville, ca] every 8 hours for 3 days. during the second treatment period, in vitro-generated LAK cells were administered.
4	infantile systemic hyalinosis: newly recognized disorder of collagen? four infants with stiff skin and painful joint contractures are described. two of these infants died before the age of 18 months.
2	560 cases of motor neuron disease studied retrospectively from case notes. age at onset ranged from 13 to 87 years (mean 56 years) mean duration of illness until death was 2.6 years.
4	this study examines the role of social support in the process of caring for someone dying at home. it employs a cultural analysis to draw parallels with rituals of transition. the way social support is provided plays a key role in the caregiver's transition to bereavement.
3	effects of continuous drainage of cerebrospinal fluid on vasospasm and hydrocephalus were analyzed retrospectively in 108 patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage. patients with a greater drainage volume at a lower height of drainage developed more cerebral infarctions later (p less than 0.025).
4	two cases of neurological deterioration and coma after transsphenoidal decompression of a pituitary adenoma are presented. emergency ventricular shunting led to prompt neurological improvement. three possible explanations for this complication are offered.
2	transient midcycle hyperprolactinemia is associated with a midcycle luteinizing hormone surge. this study demonstrates that LH surge cycles in IVF patients were associated with significantly higher serum PRL concentrations.
4	extrapulmonary infection with Pneumocystis carinii in AIDS patients is uncommon. involvement of other organs has only recently been described. despite the frequency of liver enzyme abnormalities, it has been observed only rarely in the liver.
4	keratoconus patients experienced severe anterior segment inflammation following corneal surgery. favorable response to indomethacin therapy in the second eyes of these patients suggests that the inflammation in the first ones was prostaglandin mediated.
1	a 71-year-old man was diagnosed as having a polypoid mass within the gallbladder. he underwent right nephrectomy for a renal cell carcinoma. postoperative histological examination of the gall bladder mass and pancreatic mass excised during the second surgery revealed these tumors to be identical to the clear cell type.
4	cranial magnetic resonance (MR) imaging was performed on 119 HIV-seropositive subjects. MR images regarded as positive included those showing atrophy and/or white matter lesions.
4	problems encountered involved the postauricular flap and were usually minor in nature. none required explantation as a direct result of these complications. principles useful for avoiding complications as well as their management are discussed.
2	three patients presented with pain and restriction of movement at the shoulder suggestive of capsulitis, but proved to have lesions of the mid-shaft of the humerus.
3	cardiac myosin is capable of inducing autoimmune myocarditis in genetically predisposed mice. high-titer autoantibodies are associated with this disease in many respects. evidence suggests that these autoantibody are not involved in the induction of the disease.
4	phacoemulsification and posterior chamber intraocular lens implantation with trabeculectomy was performed on 216 eyes of 160 patients. phacotrabeculectomy is a 3- and 6-mm incision procedure. intra-ocular pressure control (less than 21 mm Hg) was attained in 44 of 46 eyes (96%) in the 3-mm group and 71 of 76 eyes (93%) in the 6-mm group.
0	20 (9.2%) of 218 renal cell carcinoma patients were hypercalcemic. humoral hypercalcemia was 3% in patients with stage I, 5.9% with stage II. survival curve deteriorated significantly in stage IV cancer patients.
0	activation of protein kinase C (PKC) involved in DR and DP molecule expressions. calcium influx appeared to be involved in the DR, DP expressions on T98G cells. we speculate that preexiting protein(s) phosphorylated by PKC in the presence of Ca2+ might directly bind or indirectly interact with the region between -152 and -126 bp of the upstream sequence.
0	inflammatory pseudosarcoma of the bladder is a rare benign entity. only pathologic examination can enable a definitive diagnosis. authors report two cases of these benign tumors in patients with no history of bladder disease or trauma.
3	from 1982 to 1985, 69 patients were treated with emergency angioplasty. balloon Angioplasty was unsuccessful in 20 patients and successful in 49 patients. twenty-nine patients received thrombolytic therapy with streptokinase. group 1 patients had a short-term survival rate of 20%, compared with 69% in group 2.
0	the risk of pancreaticoduodenectomy in the last 10 years has fallen to less than 10%. postoperative complications have been reduced and blood transfusions are unnecessary. seventy-one percent of patients are able to return to their preoperative occupation.
0	from 1960 to 1987, 1209 patients with colorectal liver metastases were recorded. group 1 involved 921 cases, of whom 902 were deemed non-resectable. of the 183 patients with potentially curative resection ten died after surgery.
1	ursodeoxycholic acid administration worsens gallbladder defect in gallstone patients. greater fasting volumes, not reduced gallblade contractility, account for defect. gallstones may precede, and possibly to promote, gallstone formation.
3	diabetic nephropathy now accounts for approximately one-third of all patients who develop end-stage renal disease. the estimated cost to supply renal replacement therapy for this population now exceeds $750 million. basic and clinical investigation continues in an attempt to solve the puzzle of pathogenesis.
3	in 146 patients with atrial fibrillation or flutter, we recorded 12-lead ECGs after electrical cardioversion. acute ST segment elevations occurred after 243 +/- 114 joules (cumulative dose) in the precordial leads only in 14 patients (19%), concomitantly in two leads and in seven leads.
0	chemosensitivity of testicular carcinoma in situ (CIS) analysed in 25 testes excised 10 weeks to 4.5 years following platinum-based chemotherapy. CIS was present in 8 of the 23 evaluable cases (35%), in 5 of which the lesion coexisted with invasive germ cell tumour.
3	echocardiographic recording of the atrioventricular plane displacement during the cardiac cycle was used to assess left ventricular global function in patients with congestive heart failure. study population consisted of 70 patients with chronic CHF (NYHA functional groups III and IV) and 35 age-matched healthy subjects. patients with CHF showed a significant generalized reduction of AV plane displacement compared to healthy subjects (5.6 mm vs. 14.5 mm, P less than 0.001).
0	inside-out plasma membrane vesicles from a glucose-responsive rat insulinoma showed an ATP- and Mg2(+)-dependent uptake of calcium. glucose (30 mM) decreased Ca2+ uptake by 50%, while other insulin secretagogues had no effect.
3	this case report describes a patient with chronic fibrosing mediastinitis involving the entire intrapericardial aorta, innominate artery, and the base of the heart with involvement of the proximal segments of the coronary arteries. this finding was unsuspected before emergency coronary bypass grafting.
3	endothelin-1 selectively administered into the left anterior descending coronary artery. coronary blood flow and vessel diameter significantly decreased after a 30 pmol/kg dose. calcium influx into the smooth muscle cells appears to be involved in the mechanism.
4	tobacco smoking increases the risk of sudden cardiac death, possibly by altering the substrate for propagation or sustainment of ventricular tachyarrhythmias. 15 long-term smokers without known coronary artery disease abstained from tobacco smoking for 12 h. other than minor lengthening of filtered QRS duration, no significant change in time-domain SAECG parameters was noted.
4	six girls with suspected Rokitansky syndrome underwent MRI and sonography. the uterus was missing in all; four had mullerian rudiments in place of the uterus. both ovaries were present in all cases, normally located in four and extrapelvic in two.
0	our patient had stage IIIAI hodgkin's disease with synchronous myelofibrosis. a slowly progressive myeloproliferative disease developed over 9 1/2 years. the patient developed painful osteolytic bone disease, spinal extradural granulocytic sarcoma and acute megakaryocytic leukemia.
1	the authors prospectively performed serum CA 19-9 assessment, ultrasound (US), computed tomography (CT), and CT-guided fine-needle aspiration biopsy. the final diagnosis was pancreatic cancer in 54 patients and chronic pancreatitis in 27 patients. when a definite diagnosis was rendered, the positive predictive value was 90%.
0	22 patients with relapsed or refractory small-cell lung cancer were treated with oral etoposide. the median time off chemotherapy was 4.5 months. response duration was 4 months and median survival was 3.5+ months, the study found.
4	74 children ages 1 to 9 years hospitalized because of severe pneumonia were investigated. a bacterial infection was identified in 57 (77%), a viral infection was seen in 25 (34%), and 18 (24%) had mixed viral-bacterial infections. the bacterial pathogens most frequently identified were streptococcus pneumoniae and haemophilus influenzae found in 61 and 15% of patients, respectively.
0	MRI will continue to replace CT and us in pediatric neuroimaging. us remains the procedure of choice for screening of fetal and infant CNS abnormalities. CT continues as the principal screening modality beyond infancy.
4	cardiac rhabdomyoma is a rare cause of fetal death. two cases of nonimmune hydrops fetailis are reported. the possibility of a surgical intervention is discussed.
3	regurgitant jet areas by transesophageal compared with transthoracic apical views. maximal jet area determinations and an overall visual estimate of lesion severity were obtained from 42 patients.
0	chronic anaemia is an important factor in the response of some human tumours to radiotherapy. the outcome is also influenced by whether the treatment is given in air or high pressure oxygen.
3	etiology of pericardial effusion was definitely malignant, by cytology/histology in 13 patients (62%) and suspected malignant in 2 patients (9%). median time from diagnosis of breast cancer to development of symptomatic effusion 60 months (range: 1-219 months). among patients with malignant pericardinal effusion those selected for surgery have a longer than average survival.
0	race, nutritional status, and survival from breast cancer were studied in a cohort of 1,960 women diagnosed during 1975-1979. poorer survival rates were shown in black women after data were adjusted for stage of disease, socioeconomic status and other prognostic factors. lower levels of serum albumin and hemoglobin and higher relative body weight were more common among blacks.
3	study assesses variations in myocardial ischemic threshold during daily activities. eighty patients with known coronary artery disease were studied. of the 895 episodes, 654 (74%) were preceded by a moderate increase in heart rate.
4	resistances were measured during coronary surgery in over 500 saphenous grafts. excellent flows can be expected if resistance is below 200 peripheral resistance units (pru); if this is over 800 PRU flow is very poor.
0	terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase (tdt) is a useful marker for lymphoid precursor cells. the authors used flow cytometry to analyze TdT expression in human hematopoietic malignancies. cells from 20 of 22 acute lymphoblastic leukemias (ALL) were tdT positive.
4	occlusion of the left anterior descending coronary artery. asanguineous cardioplegic washout of potentially toxic substances improves recovery. crystalloid or plasma cardioplgia was given immediately before reoxygenation.
3	mutations at the Na(+)-H+ antiporter gene locus (APNH) might result in elevated SLC. we have excluded linkage of APNH and the major SLC locus with a LOD score of -5.91, an odds ratio of almost 1,000,000:1 against linkage.
2	cells secreting antibodies to myelin basic protein in patients with Lyme neuroborreliosis. anti-MBP IgG antibody-secreting cells detected in cerebrospinal fluid. highest numbers encountered in two patients with severe signs of CNS involvement.
4	5 patients who developed dementia before age 60 were found to have celiac disease. intellectual deterioration ranged from moderate to severe. the gluten-free diet failed to improve the neurologic disability except in 1 patient.
3	myocardial infarction induced left ventricular failure in rats. radioligand binding studies of alpha-1 adrenoreceptor and signal transduction were examined. phosphoinositol turnover was increased 3.1-fold in the viable myocytes of infarcted hearts. an upregulation of the skeletal actin isoform was detected in the tissue of the failing left ventricle.
0	gastrointestinal dysmotility is a paraneoplastic syndrome that occurs with small-cell lung carcinoma. serologically, 34 patients with small cell carcinoma were studied, of whom 5 had chronic intestinal pseudoobstruction and 29 had no digestive symptoms. novel autoantibody activity suggests autoimmune basis for intestinal pseudostruction.
2	inferential reading comprehension was the most impaired and had the fastest recovery rate. maximal recovery of all three reading functions occurred within 4 months after trauma.
4	bupivacaine was injected at the conclusion of knee arthroscopy done under general anesthesia. pain scores, the use of analgesic medications, crutch use, activity level, difficulty sleeping were unaffected. the apparent lack of effect is most likely due to rapid clearance from the knee.
3	retinal ischemia from atherosclerotic carotid disease is in a state of flux. reliable noninvasive diagnostic testing has reduced the risk. in children and young adults, amaurosis fugax is a benign condition.
4	endogenous insulin-like growth factor (IGF) binding proteins cause IGF-1 resistance in cultured fibroblasts from a patient with short stature. the ED50 of IGF-I-stimulated alpha-aminoisobutyric acid (AIB) uptake in the patient is significantly higher than that from normal subjects.
4	perioperative mortality among dialysis patients was 20%. 1- and 2-year survival rates were 95% and 77%, respectively. coronary artery bypass performed earlier seemed to result in lower mortality.
4	association between urinary symptoms at 7 years old and previous urinary tract infection. questionnaire analysed among 3553 school entrants aged 7 years. high incidence of urinary infection confirmed by urine culture was found.
1	patients were similar with respect to severity of ulcer disease, percentage of elderly patients and distribution of comorbid conditions. alcoholism was more prevalent at OVAH (57% vs 22%, P less than 0.05) postoperative morbidity and mortality rates were 27 per cent and 14 per cent.
4	a retrospective analysis was made of 16 patients who had received a brachial-jugular polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE) graft for hemodialysis. in four patients, the procedure was used to treat malfunctioning brachio-axillary fistulas.
2	tardive dyskinesia is a potentially irreversible syndrome of involuntary hyperkinetic movements. it occurs in predisposed persons receiving extended neuroleptic (antipsychotic) drug therapy. no drug therapy is uniformly safe and effective for treating this disorder.
3	bretylium tosylate has been shown effective in the treatment of ventricular fibrillation and in the prevention of its recurrence. however, lidocaine is generally preferred because BRETYLium could have adverse hemodynamic effects related to its antiadrenergic action.
2	vigabatrin is a selective, irreversible suicide inhibitor of GABA transaminase and thus increases brain and CSF GABA. in 33 adult patients with long standing refractory epilepsy. the addition of 3g daily of the drug was associated with a 48.2% reduction in seizure frequency.
4	genetic influence on risk for alcoholism was examined in a us treatment sample. statistically significant differences in concordance were found with male, but not female, twins.
3	intestinal ischemia-reperfusion injury has been linked to this type of acute lung injury. plasma levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha were very low or undetectable. anti-TNF antibody attenuated the increase in pulmonary microvascular permeability.
3	a ruptured aneurysm of the sinus of Valsalva was diagnosed by echocardiography in a consecutive series of seven patients. the diagnoses were confirmed at operation without cardiac catheterisation.
2	the national institute for Occupational safety and health (NIOSH) has proposed a surveillance case definition for work-related carpal tunnel syndrome. the case definition requires the presence of median nerve symptoms; one or more occupational risk factors; and objective evidence of CTS.
3	320 patients had untreated primary hypertension and 320 were normotensive. percentage of triple-vessel disease in sixth and seventh decade was significantly greater. results suggest that hypertension does not accelerate the appearance of significant coronary narrowing or multiple vessel involvement.
2	cerebrospinal fluid norepinephrine concentrations and the duration of epidural analgesia in man were measured. the results suggest that adding NE to local anaesthetics prolongs anaesthesia.
4	copper, mercury and tin salts in experimental contact stomatitis of rat oral mucosa. granulocytes were predominant inflammatory cells and no lymphocytic infiltration could be seen with any of the substances tested. the addition of non-irritant concentrations of SLS lowered the threshold levels for HgCl2, SnCl2 and CuSO4.
1	persistent ectopic pregnancy is a recognized complication of laparoscopic surgery. methotrexate and citrovorum factor rescue successfully treated three cases. all three patients experienced mild lower abdominal pain for a maximum of 36 hours.
3	coronary ostial reconstruction may be the preferred alternative to reestablish antegrade myocardial revascularization. the technical steps of reconstruction are described.
0	negative findings on four-vessel angiography after a subarachnoid hemorrhage are seen in 5 to 30% of patients. previously silent lesion in the spinal canal may be responsible for the ictus in a small percentage of this group. investigations of such lesions have been limited to patients with signs and symptoms of spinal cord or nerve root pathological processes.
4	a severe, generalized myopathy developed in 2 children treated with labetalol. an 11-year-old girl and a 14 year-old boy demonstrated proximal weakness and markedly elevated creatine kinase levels.
4	this study included 40 eyes in 22 diabetic patients with focal macular oedema. laser photocoagulation was directed at decompensated or leaking microvascular lesions. post-treatment fluorescein angiograms showed complete resolution of disease.
1	aluminum-containing antacids inhibit gastric mucosal damage in rats. hypoosmolality in the gastric lumen was not a deciding factor in inducing cytoprotection. silicic acid and titanium dioxide, with superficial charge similar to Al(OH)3, inhibited gastric hemorrhagic lesions.
1	plasma levels of vasoactive intestinal polypeptide (VIP) have been used for screening patients with chronic diarrhea. VIP concentrations ranged from 14 to 76 pg/mL in healthy volunteers. in chronic renal failure, 4 of 34 patients or 12% had elevation to greater than 100 pcml. no patient with idiopathic hepatic cirrhosis (n = 12) had elevation of serum concentration of this peptide.
4	a teenage girl presented with a profound loss of vision in the right eye. she developed an area of pigment epithelial disturbance in the macular region. two years after initial presentation, a diagnosis of subacute sclerosing panencephalitis was made. her clinical condition deteriorated rapidly and she died.
3	31 control patients and 37 patients with severe, chronic aortic regurgitation were studied. group I had normal Emax and stress-shortening relations, group II had abnormal Emax but normal stress shortening relationships. reduction in left ventricular volumes (p less than 0.01) was associated with an increase in ejection fraction from 50 +/- 8% to 64 +/-11%.
4	in vitro fertilization cycles yield a low percentage of pregnancies. aneuploidy is assumed to be responsible for a major portion of this pregnancy wastage. this study was to determine if there was any correlation between morphology and chromosomal content of unfertilized oocytes and rejected embryos.
0	radiographic calcification of urothelial malignancies is an uncommon finding. radiopaque bladder tumor treated with bladder irrigation with hemiacidrin.
4	human papillomavirus type 16 (HPV 16) associated with oral squamous carcinoma. cancer resistant to treatment in 43-year-old cardiac transplant recipient. in situ hybridization demonstrated the presence of HPV 16 DNA in the tumor cells.
0	mucinous adenocarcinoma of the prostate with endobronchial metastasis. symptoms and x-ray findings mimicking a centrally located bronchogenic carcinoma.
3	single photon emission computed tomography with thallium-201 imaging during adenosine-induced coronary hyperemia evaluated in 53 patients with and 7 without coronary artery disease. sensitivity and specificity of SPECT were 92% (95% confidence intervals 81% to 98%), respectively.
4	somatosensory evoked potentials (SEPs) were recorded from the thalamus and subthalamic area. median nerve stimulation elicited two distinct SEPs with a precision of 1 mm. the semimicroelectrode significantly improved the precision of target localization.
2	neurologic workup in patients with cervical spine disorders. care must be exercised in interpreting clinical and radiologic findings. investigations may include electrophysio tests, transcranial magnetic stimulation.
2	gadolinium-MRI in acute transverse myelopathy (aTM) was useful in estimating the pathologic extent and residual deficit expected in ATM.
3	angiographic success rates were similar for all age groups.
3	cutaneous manifestations of multiple myeloma were reviewed retrospectively. five patients had biopsy-proved extramedullary plasmacytomas. twelve patients had ecchymoses without thrombocytopenia.
2	in the years 1986-1988, 10 cases of ehrlichiosis were diagnosed in children in oklahoma. fever and headache were universal; myalgias, nausea, vomiting and anorexia were common. onset of illness in spring and early summer for most cases paralleled tick activity.
0	distribution of factor XIIIa-positive cells was studied in a series of nodular malignant melanomas and compared with that seen in Spitz naevi. two patterns of distribution were recognizable: (a) diffusely spread through the tumour and (b) located mainly at the periphery of the tumour.
2	sensorineural deafness is rarely associated with both ulcerative colitis and giant cell arteritis.
4	of 105 cadaveric intervertebral discs studies, 15 (14%) leaked. of the discs that leaked, 27% demonstrated contact of injected dye with the adjacent spinal nerve. the high rate of leakage may be related to the age of the cadavers.
3	study assessed the efficacy and safety of once-daily doxazosin in the treatment of mild or moderate essential hypertension and concomitant intermittent claudication. significant (p less than 0.05) reduction in systolic blood pressure and DBP was observed after 14 weeks of treatment. minor changes in heart rate occurred, which with continued treatment were not statistically significant from baseline.
4	a previously healthy young man developed toxic shock syndrome 2 days after elective septoplasty with nonabsorbent latex packing. this case emphasizes that non-menstrual wound-associated toxic shock can occur after surgery that does not involve absorbent splinting or packing.
4	exercise of the inflamed human knee promotes radical-mediated lipid peroxidation. implication for novel antioxidant therapeutic approaches to inflammatory joint disease is discussed.
4	susceptibility to neuroleptic-induced extrapyramidal syndromes varies widely. utility of past history for predicting future occurrence has not been studied extensively. results support the hypothesis that patients with a history of syndromes are at greater risk.
0	granulocytic sarcoma is an extramedullary tumor consisting of immature cells. this tumor may involve nodes, cervix, bone and periosteum, and infrequently the small intestine. colonoscopy and biopsy are indicated in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome or acute or chronic myelogenous leukemia.
2	opttic nerve gliomas are benign astrocytic neoplasms that primarily affect children. for lesions confined to the optic nerves, long-term survival is excellent. but with involvement of the hypothalamus or third ventricle, prognosis falls significantly.
4	in a prospective study of 306 patients with liver injuries 13 (4%) developed a bile leak. there was no mortality but patients incurred a median of four complications each. respiratory failure and/or infection and sepsis were the most common complications.
0	beta-2 microglobulin (B-2M) levels were studied in 365 breast cancer patients and 210 age-matched controls. serum B-2M levels may reflect tumor burden, and even in patients at follow-up, occult tumor cells may activate the immune system.
3	five hundred twenty-five patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy underwent left ventricular myotomy and myectomy from 1960 to 1990. in 19 (4%) of these patients, aortic regurgitation developed after LVMM. age of the 19 patients ranged from 10 to 58 years.
3	doxazosin appears to have the unique ability to control both risk factors. of the 39 efficacy-evaluable patients, 25 (64%) achieved adequate blood pressure control. combined changes in blood pressure and blood lipid levels resulted in a reduction of 36% in the calculated risk of coronary heart disease.
3	baroreflex sensitivity and electrophysiological correlates in patients after myocardial infarction. depressed BRS identifies a subgroup at high risk for arrhythmic events. the strongest association between any variable and the induction of sustained monomorphic ventricular tachycardia was depressed brs.
2	somatosensory evoked potentials were recorded from the frontal and parietal areas. in five representative cases, the paretal N20 potential was relatively well preserved. this negativity on the FC area is considered to be a volume conducted potential. the concept of a tangentially oriented dipole generated in the posterior bank of the central sulcus is postulated.
3	microangioscope fits through an 8F coronary angioplasty guiding catheter. angioscopy performed 45 times in 24 patients, including 6 patients with stable angina. excellent visualization of the target lesion was achieved in 16 (94%) of the last 17 patients.
3	47-kda protein recognized by antikinetochore autoimmune sera is homologous with the protein encoded by RCC1. antigen was purified from cells synchronized in mitosis as a noncovalent complex with a 25-kDa protein. posttranslational modification is indicated by additional antigenic spots, by lack of a free alpha-amino group, and by chromatographic behavior of peptides.
0	lymphocyte population in human liver obtained ex vivo after partial hepatectomy for benign or malignant tumors is mainly made up of CD56+ (35%) cells. flow cytometry analysis showed that within the CD56 + liver cell population, at least three distinct subsets could be found. functional significance of this heterogeneity still needs to be explained.
1	rectal prolapse that is intractable to the usual medical therapy was successfully managed in 10 patients by simple subcutaneous encirclement of the anus with a heavy nonabsorbable suture. four patients required two sutures and one needed a third insertion.
3	variant of hepatorenal syndrome occurs in patients with chronic congestive heart failure. the clinical picture is characterized by hepatic injury and functional renal impairment. conventional medication, the patients' course was fatal in 4 cases. when the splanchnic vasodilator dopamine was added, 5 of 9 patients recovered.
1	middle-aged man injured in a high-speed motor vehicle accident. abdominal computed tomographic (CT) scan demonstrated presence of portal venous gas. initial peritoneal lavage was entirely negative. exploratory celiotomy performed because of increasing abdominal pain and leukocytosis revealed gangrene of the cecum.
0	DNA-aneuploid primary melanomas are said to show a greater propensity to metastasize. ploidy profiles determined of 26 primary and subsequent secondaries. in 18 of 26 cases, both primary and secondary tumor showed similar DNA patterns.
2	gadopentetate dimeglumine was administered to 50 patients with cerebral infarction. classic parenchymal enhancement was a late finding in 46 (92%) of 50 patients. enhancement of vessels supplying the infarct ("intravascular enhancement sign") was the earliest finding.
3	electrophysiologic studies were performed in both the supine and standing positions. AV reciprocating tachycardia was induced in 9 of the 22 patients with atrioventricular (AV) reciprocating and in 17 when standing. the effective refractory period of the AV node markedly shortened.
0	8-mercaptoguanosine (8MG) can replace the requirement for cytokines in the generation of MHC-restricted CTL. 8MG was able to synergize with minimal amounts of IL-2 in inducing lytic activity similar to lymphokine-activated killer cells. anti-IFN-alpha beta was as efficient as cyclosporine A in inhibiting 8MG-LAK generation.
3	myocardial sulfhydryl pool alterations occur during reperfusion after ischemia. reduced glutathione (GSH) is both defense against and potential markers of reactive oxygen metabolite injury. alterations in GSH and other SH pools occurred in anesthetized dogs.
0	twenty-two patients had a malignant skeletal tumor adjacent to the knee. patients all walked at a similar speed, which is slower than normal. the patients who had an amputation were very active, but they had difficulty sitting.
4	aortorenal vein fistula from trauma is a rare entity. previous anterior abdominal attempts at repair rendered a thoracoabdominal approach necessary.
3	net force associated with intraventricular flow throughout ejection can be written as: F = A.dv/dt + B.v2. instantaneous levels of this force were calculated in 9 normal subjects and 10 patients with dilated cardiomyopathy using doppler, M-mode and two-dimensional echocardiography. peak local acceleration and outflow velocity were severely depressed.
4	43 displaced tibial plateau fractures were treated with open reduction and internal fixation. there were 35 excellent, five good, three fair, and no poor results. in five of eight knees with a less than excellent score, the results were due to the technique of fracture fixation or the absence of a bone graft.
2	particulate calcium can reduce T1 relaxation times by a surface relaxation mechanism. calcium particles with greater surface area show greater T1 relaxivity. reduced proton density and reduced T2 tend to diminish signal intensity.
2	disturbance of visual perception associated with nystagmus is a rare phenomenon. 61-year-old woman had vertigo, staggering to the left, left ptosis, vertical diplopia. patient complained of visual disturbances typical of oscillopsia.
4	chronic aminonucleoside nephrosis is variably associated with tubulointerstitial damage. different groups have shown this injurious process to be reversible. focal glomerulosclerosis 70 weeks after drug administration. angiotensin I converting enzyme inhibitor enalapril prevented recurrence of proteinuria.
4	an international survey identified 40 patients less than 20 years old who underwent surgical implantation of an automatic implantable cardioverter-defibrillator. there was a history of aborted sudden cardiac death or sustained ventricular tachycardia in 92.5% of these patients.
4	hypochondriacs and control subjects were accrued from a primary care practice. hypochondracal and comparison samples did not differ in aggregate medical morbidity. the most serious medical disorders were associated with more bodily preoccupation.
0	a 22-year-old man presented with multiple raised erythematous skin lesions. biopsy of the skin revealed leukaemic infiltration by similar cells.
3	ethanol in acute low doses is believed to be relatively nontoxic to the normal myocardium. chronic ethanol use, at moderate doses, may be protective against coronary artery disease. alcohol abuse is associated with increased mortality.
4	fusion of the bcr and abl genes on chromosomes 22 and 9 in chronic myelogeneous leukemia. fusion involves a reciprocal translocation t(9;22)(q34;q11) fusion can be detected by Southern (DNA) analysis or by in vitro amplification of the messenger RNA from the fusion gene.
2	nine patients were studied; all had hydromyelia with varying degrees of hydrocephalus. a new concept of the development of an isolated compartment after shunting is proposed.
0	intravenous urography was performed routinely 3 months after cystectomy. 10 patients developed upper tract tumours; 1 presented with loin pain. 6 patients underwent nephroureterectomy and 5 of them lived for at least 4 years.
3	clustering of coffee consumption and selected atherogenic behaviors in older adults living in a southern california community.
4	signal-averaged ECGs were obtained during sinus rhythm from 60 patients with sustained ventricular tachycardia and 34 patients with ventricular fibrillation. abnormal spectra were detected in the signal- averaged electrocardiograms from 90% of patients with both ischemic and nonischemic heart disease. results of programmed ventricular stimulation differed markedly between the two patient groups.
2	this study evaluated the efficacy of glucagon for prehospital therapy of hypoglycemia in patients without IV access. the mean pretreatment blood glucose increased after treatment to 133.3 +/- 57.3 mg/dL. headache was the only side effect noted in 4% (two of 50) of patients.
4	almitrine bismesylate enhances hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstriction in dogs. effect was studied in closed-chest dogs anesthetized with pentobarbital and paralyzed with pancuronium. hypoxia: end-tidal oxygen tension = 60.3 +/- 0.6 mm Hg.
3	doxazosin inhibits platelet aggregation in normotensive subjects and patients with hypertension. concentrations similar to those used clinically to control blood pressure in hypertension patients.
4	sudden cardiac death occurred at rest in 73% of patients. repetitive ventricular arrhythmias were found in 50 patients (82%), with atrial fibrillation in 34%. patients with bradyarrhythmic death (18%) had less complex ventricular activity.
0	anti-idiotype monoclonal antibodies were generated against ganglioside GM3 on human melanoma. they recognized determinants located within the antigen-combining sites of L612.
1	typhlitis caused by balantidium coli requiring surgical resection. not one of the other gorillas in the colony or their keepers was ill. asymptomatic commensalism predominates, but invasion of the colonic mucosa can produce diarrhea and dysentery.
4	a 31-year-old man had recurrent gastrointestinal hemorrhage after aortic valve replacement. radionuclide bleeding scan and subsequent contrast angiogram demonstrated a site of bleeding. at surgery a 1.8-cm spherical duplication was found, lined with normal ileal mucosa.
1	between 1978 and 1989, 40 neonates with gastroschisis or omphalocele underwent repair. primary fascial repair was performed in 30 children. there were no significant differences in birth weight, days on the ventilator, days to first feeding, days in the hospital after surgery.
1	duodenogastric reflux is a naturally occurring sporadic event. gastric pH of 10 dogs was measured in the fasting state, after feeding, and after pentagastrin stimulation. only at the 5-cm position did the two probes read within 1 pH unit of each other more than 90% of the time.
3	crural artery bypass with adjunctive arteriovenous fistula. 8 lower extremities of 7 patients with severe ischemic symptoms. mean blood flow rates ranged from 43 to 340 ml/min.
2	151 patients with optic neuritis examined over an eight-year period. of these patients, 12 developed visual acuity of no light perception. eight of the 12 patients recovered visual, ac uity of 20/40 or better. dyschromatopsia persisted after visual recovery in 11 of 12 patients.
2	renal tubular acidosis and tetany were the 1st manifestations of Kearns-Sayre syndrome in a 5-year-old child. there was a 7.5-kb deletion of mitochondrial DNA documented in muscle, kidney, skin fibroblasts, and leukocytes.
2	neurological and ophthalmological phenomena after aortic conduit surgery. neurological and visual signs are frequent after valved conduit replacement. antiplatelet therapy may provide symptomatic control.
1	6-mercaptopurine is often used to treat adolescents with intractable Crohn's disease. this study shows its long-term efficacy has not yet been studied in this population. annual rates of hospitalization decreased in 44% of subjects during treatment.
4	otitis externa is one of the most common infections treated by otolaryngologists. infections induced in 30 guinea pigs appeared similar to that seen in humans. an average of 10.2 days was required for control group to return to normal appearance.
0	six hundred and sixteen blood samples from patients with haematological malignancy were each distributed equally among three identical cells. clinically important organisms were isolated from one bottle only with 18 cultures, from two bottles only with 19 cultures, and from all three bottles in a set with 104 cultures. the increased yield from increased volume was considerably lower than that reported from unselected groups.
0	liver malignancies often infiltrate to the major hepatic vein. hepatc vein reconstruction is one means for extending indication of malignant tumor resection of the liver.
2	effects of continuous drainage of cerebrospinal fluid on vasospasm and hydrocephalus were analyzed retrospectively in 108 patients with subarachnoid hemorrhage. patients with a greater drainage volume at a lower height of drainage developed more cerebral infarctions later (p less than 0.025).
0	Gleason's histologic grading system is a good clinical marker. 56 cases were reviewed and correlated with bone scan, acid phosphatase, and symptomology following bilateral orchiectomy.
4	71 patients developed postoperative septic complications. transfusion was an independent risk factor in the incidence of infection. antibiotic prophylaxis, urinary tract catheterization and the duration of surgery were also factors.
3	10 of 2,658 patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting had ascending aortic disease that was not amenable to proximal anastomoses. calcified or acutely dissected ascending arterioles were a problem. internal mammary arteries can be used as single or bilateral conduits for coronary bypass.
4	neurohormonal factors in functional dyspepsia: insights on pathophysiological mechanisms. gastric and small bowel motility and transit, jejunal responses to luminal distention studied. four patients with slow transit had reduced postprandial antral motility. balloon distention in the jejunum was perceived at a lower volume than in controls.
4	a technique for percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA) of gastroepiploic bypass is described using standard PTCA devices.
4	torulopsis glabrata is second only to Candida albicans in frequency of isolation from the vagina in both asymptomatic women and patients with yeast vaginitis. antifungal susceptibility testing was performed on 39 strains isolated from 39 patients. clinical success was achieved in 67% of the patients although mycologic cure occurred in only 33%.
4	cisapride tended to be better than placebo in diminishing flatulence. in 71% versus 39% of the patients the overall rating for the response to treatment was good or excellent at week 12.
3	catheterization laboratory and hospital events were assessed in consecutively treated patients with infarctions involving the left anterior descending, right, and circumflex coronary arteries. cardiogenic shock was present in eight patients with angioplasty of the left. there was one in-laboratory death.
0	in-vitro establishment of tumor cell lines is an independent prognostic factor for survival in patients with non-small-cell lung cancer. cell lines were established from the tumor specimens of 25 patients (20%) in the 61 patients with potentially curable disease, 8 patients (13%) with cell lines established had a median survival of 8 months.
4	ras gene mutations are the most frequent molecular changes in the preleukemic syndromes of adults. little is known about the incidence or importance of these genetic mutations in childhood MPS.
4	for a 6-year period, 96 patients had 146 below-knee angioplasties. there were 31 total occlusions and 95 multiple stenoses. angioplasty is only suitable in about 20-30% of patients with isolated tibial disease.
0	over the past 8 years, 311 patients have undergone surgical treatment by the senior authors for thyroid disease. over 80% of the cases were performed by the head and neck surgical service at olive view county hospital, with the remainder performed at UCLA-affiliated institutions. this communication is to review our experience with these cases.
0	a Hickman catheter perforated the wall of the superior vena cava into the pericardium. resulting in accidental intrapericardial infusion of 5-fluorouracil. patient recovered from the event without apparent chronic cardiac dysfunction.
4	eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome was first recognized in late 1989. epidemiologic studies have demonstrated an association with ingestion of L-tryptophan. mechanism of toxicity remains unknown.
2	effects of incremental application of nasal continuous positive airway pressure (0 to 15 cm H2O) on heart rate, pulmonary artery pressure, and cardiac index were studied noninvasively by doppler echocardiography. in subjects with normal cardiac function, nasal CPAP is safe from a hemodynamic viewpoint.
1	distal disease in the mesenteric arteries has usually been repaired transabdominally. exposure was obtained with a left flank incision through the tenth interspace. no complications were reported and no patient required reoperation for ischemic bowel.
0	subscapular elastofibromas and scapulothoracic bursitis can cause symptomatic masses in baseball pitchers. both processes appear to represent reactive soft tissue responses to repetitive stress.
0	endosalpingosis is characterized by ectopic oviduct epithelium. the condition is typically without symptoms.
4	dyspnea and pulmonary infiltrates were associated with recurrent episodes of sweet's syndrome in a 54-year-old woman with myelodysplasia. lung and skin biopsies revealed a sterile infiltration of the interstitial tissues by mature neutrophils.
1	microprocessor-assisted solvent-transfer system for gallstone dissolution. system's response and gallbladder emptying rate was 160-fold faster than natural rate. gallstones were dissolved by methyl tert-butyl ether using the system.
4	pulmonary vascular response to anoxia and hypoxia in isolated ferret lungs. effects of glucose on hypoxic vasoconstriction. high glucose markedly potentiated the magnitude of late-phase.
