2	two major problems were identified at the admission of this adolescent:,1.
15	a 46-year-old female presented with left flank pain and difficulty urinating. she does have a vague history of a bruised left kidney in a motor vehicle accident. he says she is awake, alert, and quite comfortable.
16	21-year-old male with right knee pain after a twisting injury on 7/31/05. examination was performed on 8/3/05, normal medial meniscus without intrasubstance degeneration, surface fraying or discrete meniscal tear. there is a mild interstitial sprain of the anterior cruciate ligament without focal tear or discontinuity.
0	83-year-old woman referred for diagnostic lumbar puncture for possible malignancy. dr. sanjay gupta: patient has stopped walking even with her walker. blood tests show platelet count at 132 and INR of 1.0.
9	the patient presented with crushing-type substernal chest pain. she was brought to the cardiac catheterization lab in the usual fasting state. left heart catheterization, left ventriculogram, selective coronary arteriography performed. the patient left the cath lab without problems or complications.
15	a 60-year-old female presented to the office with complaints of a bulge in the left groin. she was found to have a left inguinal hernia consistent with tear. after informed consent was obtained, risks and benefits of the procedure were explained. the patient tolerated the procedure well, was transferred to recovery in stable condition.
17	11-year-old girl has chronic nasal congestion, snorting, redness on right great toe. dr. will look for enlarged adenoids or just her anatomy.
18	lumbar facet injections done under fluoroscopic control. facets were identified and marked under fluoroscopy. local anesthesia was infiltrated subcutaneously and deep over each of the identified facets.
6	a 45-year-old female states that starting last night she has had significant pain in her left lower jaw. the patient says that the pain kept her up last night. she denies fevers or chills. She denies purulent drainage from her gum line.
0	a 42-year-old man was found slumped over the steering wheel of a Fed ex truck. he was in ventricular fibrillation and electrically defibrillated and intubated in the field. on 3/10/95 he experienced CP and underwent cardiac catherization. the patient was amnestic to the event and for 10 days following the event.
15	a patient requested voluntary sterility and elected to proceed with a bilateral vasectomy. 0.25% marcaine without epinephrine was used to anesthetize the scrotal skin. the vas deferens was skeletonized and clipped proximally and distally twice.
11	a 51-year-old female with a history of chronic nasal obstruction underwent surgery to correct a severely deviated septum. she also had turbinate hypertrophy present along the inferior turbinates contributing to the obstruction. the patient underwent nasal septal reconstruction and bilateral submucous resection and outfracture.
19	a 38-year-old female comes for dietary consultation for gestational diabetes. she is scared to eat because of its impact on her blood sugars. a sample 2000-calorie meal plan was provided with a carbohydrate budget established. patient's basal energy expenditure adjusted for obesity is 1336 calories a day.
14	left carpal tunnel syndrome (354.0) and left ulnar nerve entrapment at the elbow (354.2) author: patient's prime problem of the left upper extremity is probably neuropathic ulcers. patient has a short segment radial artery occlusion and a narrowed segment in the ULnar artery, author says.
7	dr. xyz sees a patient with a family history of glaucoma. he says she has a visual acuity of 20/20-1 in either eye with her glasses. she has an increased CD ratio measuring 0.65 in the right eye and 0.7 in the left eye.
4	squamous cell carcinoma of right temporal bone/middle ear space. rectus abdominis myocutaneous free flap for reconstruction of skull base defect. right selective neck dissection zones 2 and 3.
9	x-ray demonstrated a region of consolidation versus mass in the right upper lobe. there are several, discrete, patchy air-space opacities in the left upper lung. the remainder of the lung parenchyma is clear. there is no pneumothorax or effusion.
9	documented coronary artery disease with previous angioplasty and stent. occluded left anterior descending artery, successfully re-canalized. right heart catheterization and Swan-Ganz catheter placement for monitoring.
9	a 61-year-old woman presents with acute shortness of breath, hypertension. she is found to be in acute pulmonary edema. her blood pressure was up transiently last summer when this seemed to start.
0	a 60-year-old woman with headaches, tunnel vision, and dizziness comes to see a neurologist. dr. sanjay gupta says vestibular migraine is a common cause of headaches. patients should watch their diet and exercise daily, he says.
11	the patient is a 22-year-old hispanic male who is status post blunt trauma to the nose approximately 9 months. he suffered a marked dorsal hump, which was both bony and cartilaginous in nature. the patient had a C-shaped deformity to the left as well as some tip ptosis.
1	family members who are present state that the patient had been increasingly anxious. the patient denied any chest pain or pressure and no change to exercise tolerance. a psychiatric evaluation was obtained due to the patient's increased depression.
0	computerized tomography was performed from T12-L1 to the S1 level. there is minimal curvature of the lumbar spine convex to the left. minimal to mild arteriosclerotic vascular calcifications noted in the abdominal aorta and right proximal common iliac artery.
14	the patient is a 58-year-old female, referred to therapy due to left knee osteoarthritis. the patient states that approximately 2 years ago, she fell to the ground and thereafter had blood clots in the knee area. prior to this incident, the patient was ambulating independently with a pickup walker throughout her home.
5	a 50-year-old male has been overweight for many years. he has tried multiple different weight loss diets and programs. the patient has now begun to have comorbidities related to the obesity.
14	59-year-old male presented with progressive sensory and motor deficits. he started using a cane 5 days before being seen and had difficulty walking. his lower extremities had been feeling cold for a day.
16	the patient is a 52-year-old right-handed female with longstanding bilateral arm pain. she is on Lyrica for the pain, which has been somewhat successful. a left median neuropathy at the wrist consistent with carpal tunnel syndrome.
5	a 17-year-old male has had problems with dysphagia to solids. he is having upper endoscopy to evaluate the esophagus after edema and inflammation has resolved. biopsies throughout the entire length of the stomach were obtained for microscopic analysis. there was no evidence of stricture, Barrett, or other abnormalities in the upper GI tract.
10	end-stage renal disease (ESRD) secondary to diabetes and hypertension. patient had been on hemodialysis since 1993, post cadaveric kidney transplant in 1996. hematocrit stabilized at 25; creatinine progressively decreased from 8.1 to 2.3.
16	pregnant female with nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea. uterus has gestational sac with double decidual sac sign. estimated sonographic age of 6 weeks 0 days and estimated date of delivery of 09/28/09.
16	fracture of the frontal process of the maxilla on both sides. slight comminution of the right nasal bone without displacement. bony portion of the nasal septum is intact, although it is bowed to the left.
13	a 21-year-old white female gravida 1, para 0, presented to the hospital at 37-3/7 weeks for induction. she had oligohydramnios and also when placed on the monitor had nonreassuring fetal heart rate with late deceleration. due to the IUGR as well a decision for a C-section was made.
14	a 47-year-old female with a posttraumatic AV in the right femoral head came in consult with dr. x. he recommended she undergo a right total hip arthroplasty and removal of hardware without any complications. she was transferred to PACU for recovery and postop orthopedic floor for convalescence, physical therapy, and discharge planning.
9	patient is 48-year-old female with severe mitral stenosis. patient is being evaluated as part of a preoperative workup for mitral and possible aortic valve repair or replacement. procedure was performed using 1% lidocaine and IV sedation.
9	a 58-year-old male presented with atypical chest discomfort. he had elevated troponins which were suggestive of a myocardial infarction. the patient is suspected of having significant obstructive coronary artery disease.
10	a 61-year-old male was referred in today secondary to having urine leaked around the ostomy site for his right sided nephrostomy tube. the patient denies any pain, does not have fever and has no other problems or complaints.
1	patient had severe menometrorrhagia unresponsive to medical therapy. she also had severe anemia and symptomatic fibroid uterus. patient underwent total abdominal hysterectomy with low intraoperative complication.
10	the patient is an 85-year-old gentleman who follows as an outpatient with us. he presents to the ER with hematuria that began while he was sleeping last night. his BP is 162/60 and pulse oximetry is 98% on room air.
17	the patient is a 54-year-old right-handed male who works as a phlebotomist. he was attempting to do a blood gas when he inadvertently pricked the tip of his index finger. the source patient was tested for signs of disease and was found to be negative for HIV, but was a carrier for hepatitis C.
16	the patient was anesthetized in the throat with lidocaine spray. 3 mg of IV versed was given for sedation. images were taken. the patient tolerated the procedure very well without any complications.
9	the patient had metastatic glossal carcinoma, needing chemotherapy and a port. he underwent a general anesthetic through his tracheostomy. the left subclavian/axillary vein was percutaneously cannulated without any difficulty.
13	intrauterine pregnancy at 39 weeks.,2. History of previous cesarean section x2.,4. Undesired future fertility. the patient desires permanent sterilization.. patient is a 31-year-old gravida 5, para 4 female, who presented to repeat c-section at term. procedure was described to the patient in detail including possible risks of bleeding, infection, injury to surrounding organs and informed consent was obtained.
0	a 42-year-old man presented with gradually progressive deterioration of motor and cognitive skills over 3 years. his most recent employment ended 3 years ago as he was unable to learn protocols for the maintenance of a large conveyer belt. he and his wife noted increasingly slurred speech and slowed motor skills.
16	lungs clear of any abnormal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. limited images of the upper abdomen are unremarkable. no destructive osseous lesion is detected.
5	a clinical swallow evaluation was not completed due to the severity of the patient's mucus and lack of saliva control. a trial of neuromuscular electrical stimulation therapy was completed to determine if this therapy protocol will be beneficial. the patient was able to tolerate a 5-minute placement of the Passy-Muir valve. he reported no discomfort on the inhalation; however, he felt some resistance on exhalation.
11	a 53-year-old male has been having numbness and tingling along the jaw, teeth, and tongue. he was seen by his dentist and after dental evaluation was noted to be "okay" he had been diagnosed with a throat infection about a week ago.
6	the patient is an 85-year-old gentleman who follows as an outpatient with us. he presents to the ER with hematuria that began while he was sleeping last night. his BP is 162/60 and pulse oximetry is 98% on room air.
5	a 55-year-old man had a history of perforated sigmoid diverticuli with hartmann's procedure. he underwent an exploratory laparotomy, massive lysis of adhesions and removal. the patient was discharged from the hospital the same day.
8	a 19-year-old male was involved in a fight about an hour prior to his ED presentation. he punched a guy few times on the face, might be the mouth and then punched his drinking glass. his wound was cleaned out thoroughly with tap water and one of the navy corpsman tried to use superglue and gauze to repair it. but it continues to bleed and he is here for evaluation.
9	the patient is a product of a term pregnancy that was uncomplicated and no perinatal issues are raised. the patient demonstrates good interval weight gain and only today presented to an outside hospital with significant duskiness, some irritability, and rapid heart rate.
14	the patient is a 59-year-old male who had severe disabling low back pain. previous lumbar laminectomy at L4-L5 exacerbated this condition. he is suffering from neurogenic claudication.
10	a 73-year-old male presented to us with bilateral renal mass and renal insufficiency. best option was cryoprocedure versus partial nephrectomy, one kidney at a time. biopsy showed a possibility of an oncocytoma; patient wanted to proceed. patient underwent laparoscopic cryoablation of renal lesions x2.
17	native american-indian man, 52, has nonhealing right ankle stasis ulcer. he has multiple hospitalizations for leg cellulitis. patient has heavy alcohol drinking in the past, quit several years ago.
14	the patient has had a trigger finger and a mucocyst, and has had injections. he has flexion/extension of his fingers intact. there is no crepitation at the wrist, forearm, elbow or shoulder.
14	a 51-year-old female had left shoulder pain of chronic nature. she had undergone prior rotator cuff debridement in may with partial pain relief.
9	the patient was originally hospitalized on 04/26/07, secondary to dizziness and disequilibrium. on the second day in Psychiatry, she became very orthostatic and was transferred acutely back to the medicine. the patient is to follow up with dr. x after discharge.
14	left distal medial hamstring release was performed on a 12-year-old boy with autism. the patient had bilateral knee flexion contractures, initially worse on right than left. there were no intraoperative complications.
0	dr. x saw the patient in consultation and recommended CT angiogram. this showed no significant obstructive lesion other than what was known on the ultrasound. by discharge, his platelets was up to 107,000 with a normal differential.
15	11-month-old baby boy presented for evaluation of a duplicated urethral meatus. he also presented with ventral chordee and dorsal prepuce hooding. the patient was electively for surgical correction.
9	a 57-year-old female was found to have a large left adrenal mass, 5.5 cm in size. due to the size, the patient was advised to undergo an adrenalectomy. she chose the laparoscopic approach due to her multiple pulmonary comorbidities.
16	the right common carotid artery demonstrates patency with mild intimal thickening only. the right internal artery at the bifurcation demonstrates plaque formation, but no evidence of greater than 50% stenosis.
4	the patient is a 43-year-old male known to me, status post previous lumbar surgery. risks and benefits of surgery were explained in detail including risk of bleeding, infection, stroke, heart attack, paralysis, need for further surgery, hardware failure, persistent symptoms, and death.
3	the patient is a delightful baby girl, who had a tracheostomy for subglottic stenosis. laparoscopic fundoplication and gastrostomy was done because of the need for enteral feeding access. the patient's exam today is excellent. her belly is soft and nontender.
7	a cataract is the loss of transparency of the lens of the eye. it often appears like a window that is fogged with steam. there are many causes of visual loss in addition to the cataract.
14	marrow signal is otherwise normal in the distal radius and ulna, throughout the carpals and throughout the proximal metacarpals. there is a partial tear of the volar component of the scapholunate ligament in the region of the posttraumatic lunate cyst. the lunatotriquetral ligament is thickened and lax, but intact.
16	the patient is a 34-year-old right-handed female who states her symptoms first started after a motor vehicle accident in September 2005. she may have had a brief loss of consciousness at the time of the accident since shortly thereafter she had some blurred vision. since that time she has had right low neck pain and left low back pain. MRI of the C & T spine and LS spine has been normal. she has improved significantly, but still complains of pain.
16	a right inguinal hernia containing a loop of small bowel is suspected. the large bowel demonstrates significant diverticulosis coli of the sigmoid and distal descending colon without evidence of diverticulitis. there is diffuse osteopenia along with significant degenerative changes in the lower lumbar spine.
7	vision is reduced in the operated eye due to presence of a secondary capsular membrane. the patient was seated at the YAG laser, the pupil having been dilated with 1% mydriacyl, and Iopidine was instilled.
14	cervical discectomy at C5-C6 and C6-C7 for neural decompression. anterior cervical interbody fusion at c5-c6 and c6-c7 utilizing Bengal cages x2. cervical spondylosis C5-6 greater than C6-7 (721.0) and neck pain progressive (723.1) with right greater than left radiculopathy (723.
16	no evidence for hydrocephalus, midline shift, space occupying lesions or abnormal fluid collections. sinuses are clear. no acute bony abnormalities identified. preliminary report given to emergency room at conclusion of exam by dr. xyz.
2	a 41-year-old african-american male with bipolar affective disorder was admitted. he had not been compliant with medications or outpatient followup. the patient denies recent substance abuse, although tox screen was positive for benzodiazepines.
1	the patient was admitted after undergoing a drawn out process with a small bowel obstruction. he had some evidence of redness and exquisite swelling around his genital and lower abdominal region. the patient has been diuresed aggressively over the last 4 to 5 days, and this seems to have made some improvement in his swelling.
0	the patient is a 52-year-old right-handed female with longstanding bilateral arm pain. she is on Lyrica for the pain, which has been somewhat successful. a left median neuropathy at the wrist consistent with carpal tunnel syndrome.
14	a 51-year-old male with left dupuytren disease was operated on. the patient tolerated the procedure well and was taken to the PACU in good condition.
17	a 19-year-old male was involved in a fight about an hour prior to his ED presentation. he punched a guy few times on the face, might be the mouth and then punched his drinking glass. his wound was cleaned out thoroughly with tap water and one of the navy corpsman tried to use superglue and gauze to repair it. but it continues to bleed and he is here for evaluation.
7	the patient had epiretinal membrane causing cystoid macular edema. options were discussed with the patient stressing that the visual outcome was guarded.
9	right coronary artery was anesthetized with 2% lidocaine and a 4-french sheath was placed. a 6-French #4 left Judkins catheter was placed and selective angiograms were performed. the left heart catheterization was performed, followed by a left ventriculogram.
15	this 61-year-old male presents today with recent finding of abnormal serum PSA of 16 ng/ml. Associated signs and symptoms include dribbling urine, inability to empty bladder, nocturia, urinary hesitancy and urine stream is slow.
18	patient asked to report any redness, swelling, inflammation, or fevers. asked to restrict the use of the * extremity for the next 24 hours.
9	left metastasectomy of metastatic renal cell carcinoma was performed. multiple pleural surface seeding, many sub-millimeter suspicious looking lesions. lesions sent to pathology for permanent analysis as well as tissue banking.
17	otoscopic examination of the auditory canals and tympanic membranes reveals normal mucous membranes without disruption or inflammation. the septum is without acute traumatic lesions or disruption. the turbinates are without abnormal swelling. there is no unusual rhinorrhea or bleeding.
14	the patient had bilateral pars defects at l5-s1 with spondylolysis and instability. he was admitted and underwent an uncomplicated surgical procedure. the patient will follow up with me in the office in six weeks' time.
10	no significant change in size of the abdominal aortic aneurysm centered roughly at the renal artery origin level. the liver, spleen, pancreas, adrenals and right kidney are unremarkable. there is advanced atrophy of the left kidney. no hydronephrosis is present.
14	ms. ABC has left shoulder pain and left upper extremity C6 radiculopathy. she has some associated minimal weakness described in detail in prior office note. on examination, she has 4 plus over 5 strength in the left biceps and triceps muscle groups.
15	a 68-year-old male with a history of frequency and some outlet obstructive issues. the patient has had PSAs as high as noted above and PSA in 2004 was 5.5. he will discontinue all caffeinated and carbonated beverages and any fluids three hours prior to going to bed.
3	mom says things are gone very well. he is acting like he has got a little bit of sore throat but no fevers.. mom says he's eating well. He is up to 4 ounces every feeding. his formula fed on Enfamil Lipil. Voiding and stooling well. growth chart reviewed with Mom.
9	a 5-1/2-year-old presented with a cardiac murmur due to a patent ductus arteriosus. echocardiogram demonstrated a 3.8-mm patent arterious with restrictive left-to-right shunt. the patient underwent cardiac catheterization for device closure of a device patent.
9	chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation and acute bronchitis. congestive heart failure, atherosclerosis, hypothyroidism and dementia. lungs fell back to baseline; no significant shortness of breath.
9	a 42-year-old male with no previous history of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, rheumatic fever, or gout. he started complaining of right-sided upper chest pain, starts at the right neck and goes down the right side. his father died in his 50s with an acute myocardial infarction.
2	a 40-year-old married white male was detained for 72 hours for dangerousness to others. he was on medical leave from his job as a tree cutter, and lives with his wife and five children. the patient was apparently at his stable baseline when discharged from the Hospital on 01/21/10, status post back surgery following a work-related injury.
16	indicators:.,.-.. and. indicants.
19	the patient is a delightful baby girl, who had a tracheostomy for subglottic stenosis. laparoscopic fundoplication and gastrostomy was done because of the need for enteral feeding access. the patient's exam today is excellent. her belly is soft and nontender.
15	urinary function had been stable until 2 days ago. his libido remains intact, but his erections have been dysfunctional. he continues to work full-time.
14	the patient was admitted on 08/06/2007 after a fall with subsequent fracture of the right hip. the patient had continued confusion and dementia, which is apparently his baseline secondary to his Alzheimer's.
14	a 53-year-old female was struck in a motor vehicle accident. she sustained a right open ankle fracture and numerous other injuries. given the emergent nature of the fracture and her young age, it was decided to proceed with an urgent operative intervention.
18	a 25-gauge needle was inserted through the skin into the sacral/coccygeal joint. after aspiration, 1 ml of cortisone and 2 mL of 0.25% marcaine were injected at the site. a small pressure dressing was placed and no hematoma was observed to form. the patient has been asked to restrict the use of the * extremity for the next 24 hours.
7	upper lids were injected with 2% xylocaine and 1:100,000 epinephrine. upper lid skin was excised within the markings. fat was cross clamped, cut, and the clamp cauterized.
14	a 36-year-old female presented with severe, recalcitrant right upper extremity pain. she had numbness, tingling, shoulder pain, axial neck pain, and headaches. the patient underwent anterior cervical discectomy with decompression.
9	mild aortic stenosis, widely calcified, minimally restricted. mild left ventricular hypertrophy but normal systolic function. normal appearance of the tricuspid and mitral valves.
0	normal foramen magnum.,Normal brainstem-cervical cord junction. there is no tonsillar ectopia. normal clivus and craniovertebral junction. normal anterior atlantoaxial articulation.,normal central canal and intervertebral neural foramina.,findings indicate a loss of the functional reserve of the central canal.
5	dysphagia with possible aspiration. weakness in the oral phase of deglutition.
11	chronic hypertrophic adenotonsillitis, primary, patient under age 12. she had 3+ cryptic tonsils with significant debris in the tonsillar crypts. incision and dissection in tonsil capsule and hemostasis and removal of the tonsil was obtained with coblation Evac xtra.
14	a 38-year-old woman presents to our clinic for evaluation of hip pain. the pain is located laterally as well as anteriorly into the groin. she seeks no previous medical attention for this.
14	2-1/2-year-old has a history of a trigger thumb. he was indicated for release of A1 pulley to allow for full excursion. wound was closed using interrupted #4-0 monocryl simple sutures.
3	9-month-old abc has had problems with wheezing, cough and shortness of breath over the last several months. he has been treated aggressively with inhaled steroids and bronchodilator. there is a significant family history with both abc's father and uncle having problems with asthma as well as his older sister.
0	the patient is a 36-year-old female with past medical history of migraine headaches. the headaches were refractory to the treatment. neurology consult was called to evaluate the patient in view of the current symptomatology.
5	endoscopy and biopsies, epinephrine sclerotherapy, hot biopsy cautery, and snare polypectomy were performed. the patient was placed in left lateral decubitus after appropriate sedation.
1	a 77-year-old african-american male was previously well until he began having gross hematuria and clots passing through his urethra on the day of admission. he did have a past history of BPH and had a transurethral resection of prostate more than 10 years ago.
5	the preparation was poor, but mucosa was visible after lavage and suction. the anal sphincter was considerably relaxed, with no tone. there were no contraindications to consideration of a repair of the prolapse.
5	a 73-year-old female presented to ABCd general hospital with acute acalculous cholecystitis. the patient underwent a percutaneous cholestostomy tube placement to drain the gallbladder. once the tube was removed, the patient re-obstructed with recurrent symptoms. a second tube was placed and the patient was transferred to recovery in stable condition.
7	local anesthesia was obtained with a 50/50 mixture of 2% lidocaine and 0.75% bupivacaine given as a peribulbar block. a limited conjunctival peritomy was created with westcott scissors. there was moderately severe vitreous hemorrhage, which was removed.
16	26y/oRHF fell and struck her head on the ice 3.5 weeks prior to presentation. experienced difficulty walking and consistently fell to the left. family noted her pupils had become unequal in size.
15	a 64-year-old male with prior history of peyronie's disease opted for ex-plantation. the patient was draped in a sterile fashion and an infraumbilical midline incision was made. care was maintained to avoid all bleeding as possible due to the patient's pacemaker and monopolar was only source of hemostasis besides suture.
14	the patient has a history of traumatic injury to low back. the patient gave birth in august 2008 and since the childbirth, has experienced low back pain. she denies high blood pressure, diabetes, heart disease, lung disease, thyroid, kidney, or bladder dysfunctions.
17	32-year-old hispanic female presented to the emergency department via ambulance following a motor vehicle collision approximately 45 minutes ago. the patient states that she was driving her vehicle at approximately 40 miles per hour. she denies hitting her head. she does have some mild pain on the left aspect of her neck that she believes is likely due to the steering wheel or deployment on the airbag.
10	a 68-year-old Korean man has a history of coronary artery disease, hypertension, diabetes and stage III CKD. he had a creatinine of 1.8 in may 2006 corresponding with the GFR of 40-41 mL/min. the patient states that he was actually taking up to 12 to 13 pills of Chinese herbs and dietary supplements for the past year.
14	right shoulder hemiarthroplasty was performed on a 82-year-old right-hand dominant female. rotator cuff tear was noted in the subacromial region, which was irreparable. there was eburnated bone on the greater tuberosity noted.
14	herniated nucleus pulposus c5-c6 was diagnosed as cervical hera. cervical discectomy fusion was performed using a titanium dynamic plating system. the procedure was performed with the aid of an operating microscope.
7	the patient was prepped and draped in the usual manner for a local eye procedure. a lid speculum was applied and the conjunctiva was opened 4 mm from the limbus. the plaque was identified and the two scleral sutures were removed.
6	a 24-year-old man was seen with a headache and found to have a mass on CT scan. he was discharged home and later scheduled for neurosurgery. an MRI the next day showed that the mass was an aneurysm.
12	a 37-year-old male presented to ABCd general hospital with a right axillary mass. the mass was severely thrombocytopenic with platelet count of 2000. he was scheduled for a lymph node biopsy in order to confirm the diagnosis.
14	a 68-year-old female had a history of knee pain for 13 years. she had previous total knee arthroplasty and revision at an outside facility. a tourniquet was inflated to approximately 325 mmHg on the right thigh.
16	there is mild chronic-appearing anterior wedging of what is believed to represent the T11 and 12 vertebral bodies. there is a suggestion of generalized osteoporosis. the intervertebral disc spaces appear generally well preserved.
6	a 78-year-old male with prostate cancer has blood in his urine. the patient has no fever, abdominal pain, nausea or vomiting. patient is receiving radiation therapy, but not intended to cure cancer.
5	rectal bleeding, constipation, abnormal CT scan, rule out inflammatory bowel disease.
15	a 66-year-old man has had recurrent urinary retention issues since 12/07. he was hospitalized on 02/04/08 for acute renal insufficiency. his mother had an unknown type of cancer, possibly colon cancer or lung and prostate problems on his father side of the family.
3	premature baby diagnosed with large patent ductus arteriosus. evidence of persistent pulmonary over circulation and failure to thrive. operative weight of 600 grams.
15	a 3-1/2-year-old boy has a solitary left kidney with renal insufficiency. it was obstructed with multiple episodes of pyelonephritis. plan is for co surgeons due to the complexity of the situation.
9	the patient presented to ABCd hospital with a known history of lung cancer. fiberoptic bronchoscopy was performed to help determine the etiology of the hemoptysis. left upper lobe and its subsegments were examined and noted to be grossly free of endobronchial lesions.
16	the patient is a 79-year-old man with adult hydrocephalus. he was found to have large bilateral effusions on a CT scan on January 16, 2008. the shunt setting was changed from 1.5 to 2.0 on february 12, 2008,.
11	39-year-old male presented to emergency department with acute onset of odynophagia and globus sensation. patient stated he had ingested a chicken bone, tried to dislodge this with fluids and other solid foods. fiberoptic nasal laryngoscope was inserted in the patient's right naris and then the left. scope was advanced along the floor of the nasal cavity where the eustachian tubes were visualized bilaterally.
14	left hemibody numbness without tingling, weakness, ataxia, visual or mental status change. MRI C-spine, 7/145/93, showed an area of decreased T1 and increased T2 signal. mother has DM and is age 80. father has h/o strokes at ages 45 and 80; now 82 years old.
12	the patient is a pleasant but demented 80-year-old male, who lives in a board and care. he presented with acute onset of abdominal pain. in the emergency room, the patient was found to have a CT scan with dilated bladder with thick wall suggesting an outlet obstruction as well as bilateral hydronephrosis and hydroureter.
12	a 57-year-old female was diagnosed with breast cancer on 12/21/07. a biopsy revealed infiltrating ductal carcinoma at 7 o'clock position of left breast. patient had no nipple discharge, no trauma history, had been on no estrogen supplementation.
16	the cervical spine demonstrates normal alignment and mineralization with no evidence of fracture, dislocation, or spondylolisthesis. the vertebral body heights and disc spaces are maintained. the central canal is patent. the pedicles and posterior elements are intact. the paravertebral soft tissues are within normal limits. the atlanto-dens interval and the dens are intact.
0	a 76-year-old man has a history of acute leukemia. he has developed a profound thrombocytopenia and white cell deficiency. the patient presented after a fall in the hospital in which he apparently struck his head.
9	a 72-year-old female had a spell of palpitations that lasted for about five to ten minutes. she also had tightness in the chest after she walks briskly up a block. patient denies having diabetes mellitus, history suggestive of previous myocardial infarction.
19	a 56-year-old female with a history of systemic lupus erythematosus returns. she was last seen in rheumatology clinic approximately 4 months ago. the patient recently has developed what sounds like an upper respiratory problem.
14	youngswick osteotomy with internal screw fixation of the first right metatarsophalangeal joint of the right foot. a 6-cm linear incision was placed just parallel and medial to the course of the extensor hallucis longus to the right great toe. right ankle tourniquet was placed around the right ankle and set at 250 mmHg.
13	the patient states that she had spotting for three months daily until approximately two weeks ago, when she believes that she passed a fetus. she denies any abdominal pain or vaginal bleeding. the patient is currently separated from her partner who is the father of her 21-month-old daughter.
6	a 2-year-old boy is brought in complaining of belly and back pain. parents have not noticed any change in his urine or bowels. they have not noted any fevers or chills or any other illness.
15	the child was placed in a circumstraint board and restrained in the usual fashion. a dorsal penile block was done using 2 injections of 0.3 cc each, 1% plain lidocaine. the foreskin was sharply excised using a #10 blade.
0	noncontrast CT scan of the lumbar spine was obtained with sagittal and coronal reconstructions on emergency basis. there is marked intervertebral disk space narrowing at the L5-S1 level. mild neural foraminal stenosis is present.
2	the patient is a 28-year-old female from samoa who was her grandmother's caretaker. her grandmother unfortunately passed away recently and then the patient developed erratic behavior.
9	the left main coronary artery is a moderate-sized vessel with a normal ostium. the left anterior descending artery has a small first diagonal branch and a large second diagonal branch. there is marked tapering of the D2 branch distal to the proximal and ostial calcific plaque.
13	a 20-year-old gravida 1, para 0 female presented to labor and delivery in early active labor. she progressed to 8 cm, but despite adequate contractions, arrested dilation. a decision was made to proceed with a primary low transverse cesarean section.
16	there has been interval development of a moderate left-sided pneumothorax. there is stable, diffuse, bilateral interstitial thickening. the heart and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.
9	a 50-year-old man with a history of atrial fibrillation has recurred. he estimates he has had 12 to 24 cardioversions in his life. the patient is on flecainide, atenolol, and is maintained on Coumadin.
10	"my mom and i talked about it together as a family," donor says. recipient's reaction to offer: "i would rather not go there." "my husband is very supportive," says donor.
10	a 32-year-old african-american male came to ABCD general hospital with a clogged shunt. the patient had dialysis today for approximately one hour before it no longer worked.
17	a 53-year-old white male was admitted to rule out MI and coronary artery disease. the patient has history of hypercholesterolemia, hyperthyroidism, chronic diverticulitis. he awoke this morning with pain in the jaw and neck area, on both sides.
15	a 61-year-old white male has been treated at the va in Houston for a bladder cancer. he had multiple cystoscopies and followups since 2003 with no evidence of recurrence. on recent cystoscopic examination, he appeared to have what appeared to be recurrent tumor. the tumor was resected with findings of a Ta grade III transitional cell carcinoma.
9	the patient is a 2-month-old female with a 9-day history of illness. the patient was eating normal up until approximately three days ago. on wednesday evening, the patient's congestion and work of breathing increased. a chest x-ray was obtained and was noted to be normal.
17	a 85-year-old woman presents with diarrhea, vomiting, and abdominal pain. dr. sanjay gupta says the patient is a very poor historian and hard of hearing. she says she is allergic to penicillin and has no family history.
14	the patient is a 59-year-old gentleman who is status post open reduction and internal fixation of bilateral calcanei. he underwent irrigation and debridement with VAC placement 72 hours prior to this operative visit. the risks of surgery were discussed in detail including, but not limited to, infection, bleeding, injuries to nerves and vital structures.
9	granulation tissue was biopsied and then removed with a microdebrider. her proximal trachea was dilated with balloon, Bougie, and rigid scopes. she tolerated the procedure well, was extubated, and brought to the PACU.
19	6-year-old male comes in rechecking his ADHD medicines. mother says the next day, he had a wonderful improvement. he is on adderall xr 10 mg once daily.
14	the patient had loose hardware with superior translation of the clavicle implants. he had two separate areas that were split, one taken medially and one taken laterally, and then sewed together for further stability.
14	a 5-year, 8-month-old male presented to me direct from ED with distracted left lateral condyle fracture. fracture has subsequently healed and the patient presents for hardware removal. the risks of surgery include anesthesia, infection, bleeding, changes in sensation and motion of extremity, failure of removal of hardware, failure to relieve pain or improved range of motion.
3	5-year-old boy has fluid in tunica vaginalis and peritesticular space on left side. fluid size tends to fluctuate with time but has been relatively persistent for past year. patient had a very thin patent processus vagina. leading to a rather sizeable hydrocele sac in the left hemiscrotum.
2	a psychosocial donor evaluation involves asking questions about a potential donor. questions include understanding the process of transplant, risk of rejection and expectations. psychosocial evaluations are not a substitute for a medical evaluation.
19	a patient presents to the office with tingling and numbness in her right hand. the patient just recently moved her keyboard down at work. she is worried about carpal tunnel syndrome.
19	a 48-year-old woman has heavy periods lasting 7 to 14 days with spotting. she has an enlarged fibroid uterus, hypermenorrhea and a grade 1+ rectocele. the patient underwent dorsal lithotomy and hysteroscopy.
6	a 25-year-old man brought his 3-month-old daughter in for evaluation. he also wanted to be evaluated himself because he has had "rib cage pain" the patient has a medical history significant for "staphylococcus infection" he denies any past surgical history.
9	presenting with left calf pain five weeks after delivery. there was normal flow, compression and augmentation within the right common femoral, superficial fémoral and popliteal veins. lymph nodes within the left inguinal region measure up to 1 cm in short-axis. otherwise no evidence for left lower extremity venous thrombosis.
14	the patient had identical, very thick, transverse carpal ligaments, with dull synovium. a curved incision was made at the the ulnar base, carried through the subcutaneous tissue and superficial fascia. the wound was divided, and a dry, sterile dressing was applied.
9	the patient was sedated with sevoflurane and propofol. one mL of 1% lidocaine was used for airway anesthesia. the patient tolerated the procedure well.
9	a 74-year-old woman has atrial fibrillation and anticoagulation after a fall. the patient denies any chest pain nor clear shortness of breath. she has a small-to-moderate sized pericardial effusion since 11/07.
6	a 91-year-old female was brought in complaining that she felt she was poisoned. dr. sanjay gupta says the patient's daughter thinks that is the biggest problem with her. she says patient denies significant pain or discomfort, but really seems not intent on letting him know.
14	a 39-year-old female presents to ABCd general hospital with the above chief complaint. she has had bunion for many months and it has been progressively getting more painful at this time. the patient attempted conservative treatment including wider shoe gear without long-term relief of symptoms.
6	a 15-year-old girl presents with occipital headache for the last six hours. she has been intermittently nauseated but has not vomited and has some photophobia. denies fever or change in vision.
5	a 37-year-old female presented with right lower quadrant abdominal pain. she did undergo a CT of the abdomen and pelvis, which was non diagnostic for an acute appendicitis. laparoscopy revealed an appendix with suppurative fluid surrounding it.
8	the patient denies fever, fatigue, weakness, weight gain or weight loss.,HEAD, EYES, EARS, NOSE AND THROAT:. the patient also denies ringing in the ears, loss of hearing, nosebleeds, nose loss of sense of smell, dry sinuses, sinusitis, post nasal drip.
15	sperm from a patient who had a vasectomy 10 years ago has remained azoospermic. dr. sanjay gupta says he's interested in ovulation induction for his wife. several attempts at induction have been unsuccessful, he says.
9	62-year-old african american female with history of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and CVA referred for evaluation and management of atrial fibrillation. patient states that for the last 3 years, she has had episodes of her heart racing. she denies dyspnea, diaphoresis, presyncope or syncope with the events.
16	62 y/o RHF presented locally with a 2 month history of progressive loss of visual acuity, OD, and is now blind in that eye. CT Brain showed large, enhancing 4 x 4 cm suprasellar-sellar mass without surrounding edema. 10 minutes following contrast injection the patient became aphasic and developed a right hemiparesis.
3	the patient presents with mom and dad for her 1-year well child check. the family has no concerns stating the patient has been doing well overall since the last visit.
9	postbronchodilator improves by 35%, DLCO is 35, 121% predicted, residual volume is 3.04, 139% predicted. total lung capacity is 8.34, 120% predicted. clinical correlation is recommended.
9	premature baby diagnosed with large patent ductus arteriosus. evidence of persistent pulmonary over circulation and failure to thrive. operative weight of 600 grams.
4	62-year-old female presents with neck pain as well as upper extremity symptoms. MRI showed stenosis at portion of C4 to C6.
14	osteoporosis, pathologic fractures T12-l2 with severe kyphosis. radiographic imaging including MRI confirms multiple compression fractures. KYPHON Balloon Kyphoplasty at T12 and L1evels Insertion of bone cement under low pressure.
5	she is on Carafate and Prilosec. she was on metformin, but she stopped it because of her abdominal pains.,ALLERGIES:, She is allergic to PENICILLIN.,REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:, Negative for heart, lungs, GI, GU, cardiac, or neurologic.
14	a total knee replacement was performed for a patient with knee pain. a femoral rod was inserted and a spacer block was placed atop the cut surface. adequate balance in extension was adjusted and confirmed, says dr. sanjay gupta.
19	a 61-year-old white male with a diagnosis of mantle cell lymphoma. he is off of all immunosuppression and has mild chronic GVHD. the patient is fatigued and has several complaints related to his level of activity.
17	a 2-year-old girl comes in with concerns about stuffiness, congestion and nasal drainage. she does take Zyrtec on a fairly regular basis. mom is having some allergy trouble herself right now.
10	the patient was brought to the operating room and laid supine. a 16-French Foley was placed using aseptic technique. blood loss was minimal.
11	a patient presented with recurrent acute otitis media, bilateral middle ear effusions. adenoid tissue was resected, guided by the nasal endoscope using a RADenoid shaver. the adenoids were flushed with curette through a traditional transoral route.
9	7-month-old baby boy presented to emergency room with increasing stridor and shortness of breath according to mom. chest x-ray and based on that there is concern by the Radiology it could be a foreign body in the right main stem. patient was taken to the operating room for rigid bronchoscopy and foreign body removal.
5	the patient has a history of epigastric abdominal pain, persistent in nature. there appeared to be some inflammation at the gastroesophageal junction. the duodenal bulb and sweep are within normal limits. no ulcers or erosions.
17	a 1-year-old male comes in with a cough and congestion for the past two to three weeks. mother was worried he had swallowed Pop Can, but he has not had that since. he is not running any fevers. review of systems is otherwise negative.
0	there is mild generalized atrophy. scattered patchy foci of decreased attenuation are seen within the sub cortical and periventricular white matter. the brain parenchyma is otherwise normal with no evidence of mass, hemorrhage, midline shift, hydrocephalus, extra-axial fluid, or acute infarction.
14	a 10-year-old boy suffered a fall resulting in a right distal both-bone forearm fracture. a closed reduction under conscious sedation and application of a splint was warranted. post-reduction x-rays revealed good alignment.
16	the patient will receive intensity-modulated radiation therapy simulation. the target volume is adjacent to significant radiosensitive structures. inverse treatment planning is performed by the physics staff under my supervision.
14	ms. ABC returns for followup status post L4-L5 laminectomy and bilateral foraminotomies. postoperatively, her pain had improved. she has recurrent left lower extremity pain similar to the pain she had preoperatively.
9	the patient received topical lidocaine by nebulization. a mucous plug was noted in the subsegmental bronchus of the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. estimates of blood loss were approximately 5 cc.
9	the patient has chronic atrial fibrillation, on anticoagulation. she has lung mass and also pleural effusion. the patient is doing fairly well.
2	a 60-year-old woman with headaches, tunnel vision, and dizziness comes to see a neurologist. dr. sanjay gupta says vestibular migraine is a common cause of headaches. patients should watch their diet and exercise daily, he says.
9	dr. xyz had seen her because of her complaints of shortness of breath. he felt that she probably had usual interstitial pneumonitis, but wanted her to have an open lung biopsy. she was actually scheduled for this but both he and i were unavailable before the procedure was originally scheduled.
7	the patient had visually significant and symptomatic dermatochalasis and brow ptosis. visual field testing showed superior hemifield loss on the right, and *% on the left. the patient underwent upper lid blepharoplasty and direct brow lift.
7	a scleral rupture was found in a patient with a ruptured globe. a blood clot filled the anterior chamber, which was washed out with BSS. the patient was discharged from the operating room a few hours later.
13	a 85-year-old female presented to us with a vaginal mass. she had grade 3 rectocele and poor apical support, and history of hysterectomy. risk of anesthesia, bleeding, infection, pain, MI, DVT, PE, morbidity, mortality were discussed.
9	spirometry reveals the FVC to be adequate. after the use of bronchodilator, there is some improvement with 10%. MVV is within normal limits.
0	video EEG monitoring is performed to assess whether it is epileptic seizures or non-epileptic events. during the waking state, there is a 9-Hz dominant posterior rhythm. a single left temporal spike is seen maximally at T3 during sleep.
9	nuclear perfusion imaging, review of raw projection data reveals adequate image acquisition. the resting images are normal. the post Persantine images show mildly decreased uptake in the septum. the sum score is 0.,2. The Gated SPECT shows enlarged heart with a preserved EF of 52%.
13	a patient presented with severe menometrorrhagia unresponsive to medical therapy. a scalpel was used to make a Pfannenstiel skin incision. the fascia was then bluntly and sharply dissected free from the rectus abdominis muscles.
9	agatston calcium score places the patient in the 90th percentile. left main coronary artery has a posteriorly positioned take-off from the valve cusp, with a patent ostium, and it has an extramural (non-malignant) course.
0	a 27-year-old woman presented with word finding difficulty and slurred speech. she also had a headache (HA) and mild neck stiffness. one week prior to presentation, she went to a local ER for menorrhagia. a HCT with and without contrast reportedly revealed a left frontal gyriform enhancing lesion.
15	a 68-year-old male presents with a history of gross hematuria. a bladder biopsy on 01/18/08 revealed high-grade transitional cell carcinoma. the tumor was too large and risky for local resection.
0	62 y/o RHF presented locally with a 2 month history of progressive loss of visual acuity, OD, and is now blind in that eye. CT Brain showed large, enhancing 4 x 4 cm suprasellar-sellar mass without surrounding edema. 10 minutes following contrast injection the patient became aphasic and developed a right hemiparesis.
14	the patient is a 43-year-old male known to me, status post previous lumbar surgery. risks and benefits of surgery were explained in detail including risk of bleeding, infection, stroke, heart attack, paralysis, need for further surgery, hardware failure, persistent symptoms, and death.
9	a 78-year-old female has the problem of essential hypertension. she denies any chest pain, shortness of breath, PND, ankle swelling, or dizziness. echocardiogram told that she had a massive heart attack in the past.
14	xyz, d.c.
17	a 37-year-old german woman was brought to a shock room with worsening shortness of breath and cough. she had smoked one half pack of cigarettes per day for 20 years, but had quit smoking approximately 2 months prior to admission. on arrival at the hospital she was short of breath at rest and was having difficulty completing her sentences.
12	the patient's hospital course was unremarkable. her pain was well controlled with an epidural that was placed by anesthesia. she is to follow up with dr. x in the office in one week with a chest x-ray.
5	a 48-year-old man has had abdominal pain since last year and developed jaundice. a thin-slice CT scan revealed a 4 x 3 x 2 cm pancreatic mass. the patient underwent ERCP on 04/04/2007 with placement of a stent. his white count was 9.4, hemoglobin 10.8, hematocrit 32, AST 104, ALT 136, total protein 7.8 and albumin of 3.8.
15	1-1/2-year-old boy with penoscrotal hypospadias; plan is for repair. urethra was calibrated, it was quite thin, to a 10-French with the straight sounds. electrodecautery was used for hemostasis.
9	this 69-year-old man is undergoing a preoperative evaluation for anticipated prostate surgery. he has recently complained of left anterior chest pain, which radiates down the left upper arm towards the elbow. the patient has no known cardiac risk factors.
6	5-year-old presents to children's hospital emergency department by mother. mother states he has been wheezing and coughing. he was evaluated at the clinic, given the breathing treatment and discharged home.
19	.,.. and. the emergence of a new era of feminism in the u.s., according to a study by the university of california at berkeley.
15	the patient is an 85-year-old gentleman who follows as an outpatient with us. he presents to the ER with hematuria that began while he was sleeping last night. his BP is 162/60 and pulse oximetry is 98% on room air.
4	large and invasive recurrent pituitary adenoma was removed. patient had undergone one craniotomy and 2 previous transsphenoidal resections. high-risk nature of the procedure and postoperative radiation is mandatory.
4	53-year-old female with a history of right thoracic rib pain related to a herniated nucleus pulposus at T8-T9. she has failed conservative measures and sought operative intervention for relief of her symptoms. the patient underwent a thoracoscopic right-sided discectomy at the t8-t9 level.
0	62-year-old white female with tremor since 5th grade. has been on primidone and clonazepam for the last 10 years. sufferer has migraine headaches without aura, stress incontinence.
16	transabdominal ultrasound examination demonstrated a single fetus and uterus in vertex presentation. amniotic fluid volume was normal with an index of 18.2 cm. measurements predict a fetal weight of 4 pounds 15 ounces plus or minus 12 oz.
2	a 60-year-old white male developed sudden chest pain and was taken to a hospital. he was diagnosed with acute MI and then went into atrial fibrillation. the patient is receiving fentanyl since he has been here for back pain, leg pain, abdominal pain, and pain in the feet.
0	84 y/o RHF presented with sudden onset word finding and word phonation difficulties. she had an episode of transient aphasia in 2/92 during which she had difficulty with writing, written and verbal comprehension. in 5/92 she was involved in a motor vehicle accident and suffered a fractured left humerus and left occipital scalp laceration.
17	extraocular movements are intact. sclerae are anicteric. TMs are clear bilaterally.,Neck: Supple without lymphadenopathy or thyromegaly. there is no jugular venous distention.,Chest: Clear to auscultation bilaterally.,Abdomen: soft, nontender, nondistended with positive bowel sounds. no masses, hepatomegaly or splenomegaly are appreciated.
5	a 16-year-old male presents to the ED with a chief complaint of rectal bleeding and pain on defecation. the patient states that he was well until about three days prior to presentation when he first started to experience some pain when defiant. he also denies any previous history of any previous sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) the patient admits to eight previous partners and "usually" uses a condom.
16	a 54 y/o rhf presented on 7/3/93 with a 2 month history of lower extremity weakness. she had bilateral L1 sensory level and 4/4 strength in BLE. her hospital course was complicated by deep venous thrombosis.
7	Ahmed valve model S2 implant with pericardial reinforcement XXX eye. patient had glaucoma uncontrolled by maximum tolerated medical therapy.
5	the patient was admitted to the emergency room by dr. x. a bowel prep revealed no significant bleeding. vital signs are stable.
0	no evidence for hydrocephalus, midline shift, space occupying lesions or abnormal fluid collections. sinuses are clear. no acute bony abnormalities identified. preliminary report given to emergency room at conclusion of exam by dr. xyz.
17	a 50-year-old Asian female comes to the hospital complaining of 3-day history of abdominal pain. she had been admitted recently with a three-week history of fevers to 101.
9	cardiac chamber dimensions, left atrial enlargement 4.4 cm. LV ejection fraction estimated at 65%. aortic root and cardiac valves appeared normal. there is mild tricuspid regurgitation. Calculated pulmonary systolic pressure 42 mmHg.
16	the bone marrow demonstrates normal signal intensity. there is no evidence of bone contusion or fracture. tendinous structures surrounding the ankle joint are intact.
5	the patient was placed in the left lateral decubitus position, medicated with the above medications to achieve and maintain a conscious sedation.
13	a 45-year-old gravida 3, para 2, sab 1 white female presents for exam and pap. last pap was a year ago and normal. LMP was 08/29/2004. husband has had a vasectomy. overall, she is feeling well.
17	the patient presents to the office today with complaints of extreme fatigue, discomfort in the chest and the back that is not related to any specific activity. she has been off her supplements for four weeks with some improvement. the peripheral neuropathy is in both legs, her swelling has increased and headaches in the back of her head.
14	the patient is now approximately week status post removal of ex-fix from the right knee with an MUA following open reduction internal fixation of right tibial plateau fracture. he has had no fevers, chills or night sweats. his pin sites had no erythema. there is some mild drainage but they have been dressing with bacitracin.
9	patient has severe backache secondary to disc herniation. patient is documented to have morbid obesity and obstructive sleep apnea syndrome. blood pressure is 135/70. Respirations 18 per minute. heart rate 70 beats per minute.
2	a 40-year-old white single man was hospitalized at xyz hospital in the mental health ward. issues involved include the fact that for the last 10 years he has been on disability for psychiatric reasons. the patient is the 3rd of 4 children, has a brother who is approximately 8 years older, sexually abused brother. he said, he told his mother several years ago, but she did nothing.
5	the patient is a 71-year-old female patient of dr. x. she presented with approximately 7- to 8-day history of abdominal pain. the last colonoscopy was approximately 5 years ago.
9	a right upper lung lobectomy was performed on a patient with metastatic disease. pulmonary artery branches of the right upper lobe of the lung were identified. mediastinal lymph node dissection was performed to remove lymph nodes.
10	a 3-1/2-year-old boy with a solitary left kidney was discharged from the hospital. he had ureteropelvic junction repair, stent placement, and a Pseudomonas urinary tract infection. the patient also has history of being a 34-week preemie twin.
19	the patient was seen and examined. he feels much better today, improved weakness and decreased muscular pain. no other complaints..
0	a 9-year-old boy has a history of global developmental delay and infantile spasms. he has spastic quadriparesis, which is variable at times, and receives all his nutrition via G-tube. the patient is unable to sit or stand.
4	temporal artery was found and exposed in an extension of about 2 cm. artery ligated proximally and distally with 6-0 prolene and also a side branch. estimated blood loss was negligible and the patient went back to same day surgery for recovery.
5	a 52-french bougie was placed in the proximal esophagus by anesthesia. a 2 cm midline incision was made in the fascia gaining entry into the abdominal cavity. two sutures of 0 Vicryl were then placed superiorly and inferiorly.
17	eyelids normal color, no erythema, foreign body, or lacerations.,Ear: External ear has no edema or lesions.,Nose: External nose symmetrical. No skin lesions.,Chest: Symmetrical. Clear to auscultation bilaterally. No wheezing, rales or rhonchi. Chest nontender. No accessory muscle use.,Musculoskeletal: Normal strength all muscle groups.
6	the patient ingested "tiki oil" approximately two days prior to admission. he developed progressive symptoms of dyspnea, pleuritic chest pain, hemoptysis. the patient works at a local christmas tree farm.
10	there is no intrarenal stone bilaterally, but there is mild left renal pelvis dilatation. scans of the pelvis disclose no evidence of stone within the decompressed bladder. there are scattered diverticula, but no CT evidence of acute diverticulitis.
2	the patient is a 76-year-old man who works full-time as a tax attorney. he was recently hospitalized for possible transient ischemic aphasia. two years ago, a similar prolonged confusional spell was reported as well.
5	mallory-weiss tear, submucosal hemorrhage consistent with trauma from vomiting. patient was sedated with versed 3, demerol 25 and topical hurricane spray to oropharynx. the patient tolerated the procedure well with no complications.
1	a 14-month-old baby boy came in with presumptive diagnosis of Kawasaki disease. today, his fever and his rash have completely resolved. he will be followed by his primary doctor in 2 to 3 days.
9	82-year-old enters cardiac rehabilitation program 6 weeks after aortic valve replacement and single-vessel coronary bypass graft procedure. patient has had a complicated postoperative course with rapid atrial fibrillation, pleural effusions, anemia and thrombocytopenia.
17	negative weakness, negative fatigue, native malaise, negative chills, negative fever, negative night sweats. negative jaundice, negative bleeding, negative lymph node enlargement, negative bruisability.
16	the left radial sensory response is normal and robust. left median motor distal latency is prolonged with attenuated evoked response amplitude. conduction velocities across the forearm and across the elbow are prolonged. there are signs of chronic reinnervation in triceps, extensor digitorum communis, flexor pollicis longus as well first dorsal interosseous muscles.
12	a 55-year-old white male has a diagnosis of polycythemia vera with secondary myelofibrosis. he has been on hydroxyurea and interferon but did not tolerate both of them. the patient is in no acute distress and has no pallor, icterus or cervical adenopathy.
0	76 y/o male complained of several months of generalized weakness and malaise. he also had a two week history of progressively worsening orthostatic dizziness. had lost 40 pounds over the past year and denied any recent fever, SOB, cough, vomiting, diarrhea, hemoptysis, melena, bright red blood per rectum, polyuria, night sweats, visual changes, or syncope.
15	the patient's mom was informed of the procedure, risks and benefits. a bell was placed over the glans penis and the foreskin was clamped. there was no significant bleeding, and a good cosmetic result was evident.
0	temporal artery was identified and was grossly normal on both sides. proximal and distal were ligated with both of 3-0 silk suture and Hemoccult. the wound was then closed with interrupted 3-0 Monocryl subcuticular sutures and Dermabond.
17	the patient is a 10-day-old Caucasian female with bilateral arm and leg jerks. mom denies any apnea, perioral cyanosis, or color changes. she is active, breast-feeding well, although she falls asleep at the breast.
13	a 42-year-old parous female presented with a recurrent right ovarian endometrioma. she had a prior left salpingoophorectomy laparoscopically in 2004 for same disease process. the patient accepted risk of a complete hysterectomy and salpingaophorectomies.
11	a 56-year-old white female with a history of relapsing polychondritis underwent surgery. she currently is trach dependent for her airway because of glottic and subglotttic stenosis. a laser-safe endotracheal tube was inserted and the patient was prepared for endoscopy.
9	a 71-year-old woman has a history of coronary artery disease. she has also had chronic renal insufficiency and severe COPD. the patient came to our office today as she is in the area visiting her family.
3	the patient presents with concern of some spitting up quite a bit. she is nursing well every two to three hours. growth and development: Denver II normal, passing all developmental milestones per age.
10	the patient is a 61-year-old female with history of recurrent uroseptic stones. laser lithotripsy, stone basket extraction, stent exchange with a string attached.
6	a 58-year-old male started out having toothache in the left lower side of the mouth that is now radiating into his jaw and towards his left ear. he does not believe it is his tooth because he has regular dental appointments, but has not seen a dentist since this new toothache began. the patient denies any facial swelling. no headache. no swelling to the throat. no sore throat.
19	a 33-year-old black male comes in to the office with a main complaint of sexual dysfunction. he says he would like to try Cialis to see if it will improve his erectile performance. patient states that perhaps his desire has been slightly decreased, but that has not been the primary problem.
7	the patient's right eye was prepped and draped in sterile ophthalmic fashion. a wire lid speculum was inserted into the right eye and a limited conjunctival peritomy performed at the limbus temporally and superonasally.
16	mild aortic stenosis, widely calcified, minimally restricted. mild left ventricular hypertrophy but normal systolic function. normal appearance of the tricuspid and mitral valves.
5	68-year-old male presents with 3 weeks of diarrhea and 1 week of rectal bleeding. he denies any dysuria, hematemesis, pleuritic chest pain or hemoptysis.
9	a 66-year-old man has a right pleural effusion and suspected malignant mesothelioma. he had a 10-mm port placed using the knife and bovie cautery. the effusion was drained by placing a sucker into this port site.
17	a 30-year-old man returns for followup of his still moderate-to-severe sleep apnea. the patient reports that the CPAP has limited his snoring at night. he estimates that he uses the mask approximately 5 to 7 nights per week.
19	a 75-year-old man was transferred to the hospital late at night on 4/11 in complete urinary obstruction. he underwent cystoscopy, transurethral resection of the prostate and was discharged back to the nursing home later that day with voiding improved. final diagnosis was adenocarcinoma of prostate. because of his mental status and general debility, the patient's family declined additional treatment.
5	no evidence for retroperitoneal hematoma, the patient has been following, is currently on Coumadin. cystic lesion is seen within the superior pole of the left kidney. bibasilar pleural effusions are noted. the kidneys are small in size bilaterally.
19	an 83-year-old diabetic female presents today stating that she would like diabetic foot care.
18	a herniated lumbar disk with intractable back pain was diagnosed. the patient was given sedation and monitored. local anesthetic was used to insufflate the skin over sacral hiatus. a Racz tunnel catheter was placed to the needle and guided up to the L3-L4 level. after negative aspiration 4 cc of 0.5% marcaine and 80 mg of depo-medrol were injected.
16	this 82y/o RHM was in his usual state of health until 5:30PM on 4/6/95. he developed sudden "pressure-like" epigastric discomfort. bilateral lower extremity weakness, SOB, lightheadedness and diaphoresis.
15	a 62-year-old male with a history of urinary retention and progressive obstructive voiding symptoms and enlarged prostate 60 g on ultrasound was operated on. the patient was taken to the operative suite, administered spinal anesthetic and placed in dorsal lithotomy position.
19	83-year-old female with history of polycythemia vera comes in for followup. she has not required phlebotomies for several months. chief complaint is her weight.
14	a 51-year-old female with a longstanding history of pain and locking sensation to her right thumb was diagnosed with stenosing tendinosis. she wishes to proceed with release of the A1 pulley, right thumb. there was a fibrous nodule noted within the flexor tendon of the thumb, which caused triggering sensation to the thumb.
5	severe duodenitis was seen and a little bit of ulceration seen at GE junction. no active bleeding at this time.
4	the patient with a large 3.5 cm acoustic neuroma is having surgery for resection. there was significant cerebellar peduncle compression. the case took 12 hours.
0	the right common carotid artery demonstrates patency with mild intimal thickening only. the right internal artery at the bifurcation demonstrates plaque formation, but no evidence of greater than 50% stenosis.
0	there is reversal of the normal cervical curvature at the vertebral body heights. there is no prevertebral soft tissue swelling. included portions of the first and second ribs are intact.
9	the patient has a history of recent adenocarcinoma of the duodenum. a nonocclusive DVT was diagnosed in the proximal left superficial femoral vein. an echocardiogram demonstrated an ejection fraction of 50%.
0	right frontal craniotomy with resection of right medial frontal brain tumor. 71-year-old female with a history of left-sided weakness and headaches. an MRI was obtained which showed a large enhancing mass in the right lobe.
9	direct current cardioversion successfully restored sinus rhythm. patient had no immediate post-procedure complications.
7	short flap trabeculectomy with lysis of conjunctival scarring, tenonectomy, peripheral iridectomy, paracentesis, and 0.5 mg/mL mitomycin x2 minutes, left eye. operative eye underwent a Betadine prep with respect to the face, lids, lashes, and eye.
0	a 56-year-old woman has longstanding intermittent right low back pain. she was involved in a motor vehicle accident in 2005. a spinal epidural injection was effective for the first few hours, but recurred.
11	nasal septum is roughly in the midline with pale boggy mucosa and moderately enlarged inferior turbinates. airway appears adequate. no external valve prolapses are observed. oral cavity is clear. tongue is clear with no lesions noted and with good symmetrical movement. parotid and submaxillary ducts are producing clear mucus with no evidence of stones or infection.
10	the patient has ascites, pleural effusion, hematuria, history of coronary artery disease, pulmonary nodules, and congestive heart failure status post AICD. the patient came in with a history of abdominal distention of about one to two months with bruises on the right flank about two days status post fall.
14	a 45-year-old african-american male suffered acute rupture of his patellar tendon. he also suffered a complete rupture of the medial lateral retinaculum. the patient underwent an intraoperative procedure at ABCd hospital.
0	daily headaches for 6 months in a 57-year-old. the brain is normal in signal intensity and morphology for age. posterior fossa, 7th and 8th nerve complexes and intraorbital contents are within normal limits.
5	the patient is a 50-year-old african-american male. he presented to ABCd general hospital on 08/18/2003 secondary to right hemiparesis from a CVA. the patient was found to have esophagitis as well as gastritis via EGD.
2	the patient presented to dr. x as she had been recently hospitalized for prolonged episodes of syncope. the patient's mother used alcohol during her pregnancy with the patient. she began experiencing migraines at 11 years of age.
9	left ventricular cavity size and wall thickness appear normal. there is near-cavity obliteration seen. left atrium appears mildly dilated.
17	a patient with ventricular tachycardia calls 911 after prolonged episode at home. dr. sanjay gupta says the patient is on amiodarone, the dosage pattern is appropriate. the patient states that she feels better, but has not improved from her preoperative condition.
3	the patient is a 1-month-26-day-old african-american female. she was taken to her primary care physician's office to establish care. the patient appeared to have failure-to-thrive.
0	a 69-year-old woman with a history of huntington disease presented to hospital four days ago after an overdose of about 30 Haldol tablets 5 mg each and Tylenol tablet 325 mg each, 40 tablets. she has been on the medical floor for monitoring and is medically stable and was transferred to the psychiatric floor today. the patient states she had been thinking about suicide for a couple of weeks.
13	a 35-year-old female desires permanent sterilization. the risks of bleeding, infection, damage to other organs and subsequent ectopic pregnancy were explained. a 5-mm incision was made umbilically after injecting 0.25% marcaine, 2 ml.
9	the patient is a 3-year-old boy previously healthy who has never had a history of asthma or reactive airways disease. he presented with a 36-hour presentation of URI symptoms, then had an abrupt onset of cough and increased work of breathing. the child was discharged with amoxicillin and zithromax.
11	the patient was taken to the operating room and prepped and draped in the usual fashion. two #12-French red rubber Robinson catheters were placed, 1 in each nasal passage. the patient tolerated the procedure well and left the operation room in good condition.
4	a middle-aged man presented to me with left arm pain. he had multiple levels of disease, but clinically, it was C6 radiculopathy. an incision was made and carried down to the ventral spine on the right.
12	86-year-old man has a history of thrombocytopenia and prostate cancer. he has one to two alcoholic drinks per day. his ECOG performance status is 0. he denies any fever, chills, or night sweats.
14	cervical spondylosis at C3-c4 with cervical radiculopathy and spinal cord compression. 62-year-old man has progressive and intractable right c4 radicular pain. conservative therapy has failed to improve the problem.
9	there has been interval development of a moderate left-sided pneumothorax. there is stable, diffuse, bilateral interstitial thickening. the heart and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.
0	the evening prior to admission she noted sudden onset of LUE and LLE weakness. she felt she favored her right leg, but did not fall when walking. the patient was diagnosed with a probable lacunar stroke and entered into the TOAST study.
17	a 34-year-old african american female comes for a routine followup appointment. the patient has no acute complaints. she reports that she has a muscle sprain on her upper back from lifting.
3	a mass in the middle portion of the patient's thyroid gland began to enlarge recently. she was referred for fine needle aspiration and the reports recently returned a diagnosis of papillary thyroid carcinoma. the patient has no hoarseness, difficulty swallowing or any symptoms of endocrine dysfunction.
3	baby boy, xyz, is a 29-3/7-week gestation infant. his mother had premature rupture of membranes on 12/20/08.
8	79-year-old white male presents for a nephrology followup for chronic kidney disease. most recent BUN and creatinine on 04/04/06 are 40/2.0, which is stable. he denies any chest pain or tightness in his chest.
19	cataract extraction has been recommended in each eye; however, she is nervous to have surgery. visual acuity measures 20/400 OU. Manifest refraction does not improve this. cataract surgery will help Dr. x better visualize the macula for laser treatment.
2	family members who are present state that the patient had been increasingly anxious. the patient denied any chest pain or pressure and no change to exercise tolerance. a psychiatric evaluation was obtained due to the patient's increased depression.
4	chronic venous hypertension with painful varicosities, lower extremities, bilaterally. greater saphenous vein stripping and stab phlebectomies requiring 10 to 20 incisions. procedure is similar to that used in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis.
4	a 64-year-old female developed epidural hematoma, cervical spine, central cord syndrome. she underwent cervical laminectomy and seemed to be improving subjectively. 10 days after the surgery, the patient was unable to walk and had acute progressive weakness.
3	a 13-year-old boy comes to your office complaining of severe ear pain. he has been afebrile with each earache episode, and has not had upper respiratory symptoms. patient's mother reports a normal pregnancy with no complications.
8	66-year-old white male was seen in my office on month DD, YYY. he continues to have severe orthopnea and cough with greenish expectoration. the patient stopped taking Coumadin for reasons not very clear to him. patient has longstanding history of ischemic heart disease, end-stage LV systolic dysfunction.
10	a 71-year-old woman was recently diagnosed with 6.5 cm right upper pole renal mass. this is an enhancing lesion suspicious for renal cell carcinoma versus oncocytoma. laparoscopic right radical nephrectomy was performed.
14	left diabetic foot abscess and infection. left calcaneus fracture with infection. right first ray amputation. patient is a 62 years of age with diabetes. left below-the-knee surgery. dressing change, right foot.
1	a 64-year-old male with history of diabetes presented with 6 hours of chest pressure. the patient was ruled out for myocardial infarction with troponin x2. echocardiogram showed concentric LVH with an EF of 62%.
9	a 37-year-old german woman was brought to a shock room with worsening shortness of breath and cough. she had smoked one half pack of cigarettes per day for 20 years, but had quit smoking approximately 2 months prior to admission. on arrival at the hospital she was short of breath at rest and was having difficulty completing her sentences.
13	a 57-year-old nulliparous female desires definitive hysterectomy for cervical intraepithelial neoplasia after conization with poor margins. the patient was evaluated for a possible vaginal hepectomy. she was repeatedly stooling after the anesthesia was administered.
13	the patient had a slightly enlarged, anteverted, freely mobile uterus with an enlarged left adnexa. laparoscopically, the patient has massive pelvic adhesions with completely obliterated posterior cul-de-sac.
13	a 48-year-old woman has heavy periods lasting 7 to 14 days with spotting. she has an enlarged fibroid uterus, hypermenorrhea and a grade 1+ rectocele. the patient underwent dorsal lithotomy and hysteroscopy.
5	patient's complaints are fatty food intolerance, dark colored urine, subjective chills, subjective low-grade fever, nausea and sharp stabbing pain. prior workup by referring physicians has included abdominal ultrasound positive for cholelithiasis without CBD obstruction. patient admits to symptoms of seizures and ataxia.
4	spondylosis with cervical stenosis C5-C6 greater than C4-C5, C6-C7, (721.0, 723.0).,2. Neck pain with left radiculopathy, progressive (723.1/723.4).,3. Headaches, progressive (784.1).
17	the patient comes in today for a comprehensive evaluation. she has significant anxiety which has been under fair control recently. there is a family history of hypertension and strokes.
0	chronic venous hypertension with painful varicosities, lower extremities, bilaterally. greater saphenous vein stripping and stab phlebectomies requiring 10 to 20 incisions. procedure is similar to that used in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis.
0	a 21-channel digital electroencephalogram was performed on a patient in the awake state. repetitive episodes of bursts of 3 per second spike and wave activity are noted. the episodes are exacerbated by hyperventilation. this activity could represent true petit mal epilepsy.
13	a 23-year-old gravida presented to ER at approximately 8 weeks gestational age with vaginal bleeding and severe abdominal pain. evaluation in the emergency room reveals a second right ectopic pregnancy. ultrasound showed right adnexal mass and moderate free fluid in the abdominal cavity. exploratory laparotomy and right salpingectomy performed.
9	the patient is a 49-year-old man who was admitted to the hospital in respiratory distress. the patient has been smoking up until three to four months previously. on the day of admission, the patient had the sudden onset of severe dyspnea.
9	the patient was brought to the cardiac catheterization laboratory in a post observed state. a 6-French sheath was placed in the right common femoral artery and an 8-french shunt was placed inside the right groin. the right main coronary artery was cannulated and selective angiogram was obtained in orthogonal views.
0	dysarthria, headache, and incoordination have plagued this woman since 2/94. her husband recalls her first difficulties becoming noticeable after a motor vehicle accident.
14	carpal tunnel syndrome is a painful, debilitating condition. dr. sanjay gupta performs endoscopic carpal-tunnel release. the procedure is safe and effective, he says.
14	a longitudinal incision was made over the digit's a1 pulley. a scissor was used to release it under direct vision. the tendons were identified and atraumatically pulled.
9	the patient was already in the operating room under general anesthesia. the patient had a ventricular septal defect.
0	a 30 y/o man developed weakness and neck pain in 7/93. he underwent a C6-T1 laminectomy with exploration and decompression of the spinal cord. on 9/1/93, MRI C-spine showed diffuse enlargement of the cervical and thoracic spine and multiple enhancing nodules in the posterior fossa.
1	the patient was admitted on 08/06/2007 after a fall with subsequent fracture of the right hip. the patient had continued confusion and dementia, which is apparently his baseline secondary to his Alzheimer's.
9	the patient was infused with dobutamine to a maximum heart rate of 142. he was imaged on the gated tomographic SPECT system. there is normal LV myocardial perfusion. the LV systolic ejection fraction is normal at 65%.
1	ms. ABC, 60, was diagnosed in 2008 with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. she began high-dose methotrexate in mid-may 2008. during cycle three, repeat MRI showed interval worsening of disease. on day prior to discharge, she received her weekly dose of Rituxan.
10	a 44-year-old african-american man underwent left forearm arteriovenous fistula. he had end-stage renal disease and also ischemic cardiomyopathy. the procedure was done under monitored anesthesia care.
0	in 7/91, he began experiencing intermittent binocular horizontal, vertical, and torsional diplopia which was worse and frequent at the end of the day. he was seen at UIHC Strabismus Clinic in 5/93 for these symptoms. the patient was then seen in the Neuro-ophthalmology clinic on 12/23/92. his exam remained relatively unchanged and repeat Tensilon testing was unremarkable.
7	cataract extraction via phacoemulsification with posterior chamber intraocular lens implantation. an alcon MA30BA lens was used, * diopters, #*. prior to surgery, patient was counseled as to risks, benefits and alternatives.
6	the patient is a 71-year-old female patient of dr. x. she presented with approximately 7- to 8-day history of abdominal pain. the last colonoscopy was approximately 5 years ago.
14	a 78-year-old male was complaining of right hand pain and numbness. he did undergo an injection, which only provided him with temporary relief. the patient has consented to undergo the above-named procedure.
16	7 y/o male fell, as he was getting out of bed, and struck his head, 4 weeks prior to admission. he then began to experience progressive unsteadiness and gait instability. over the past one week, he began to develop left facial/LUE/LLE weakness.
0	29-year-old male with cerebral palsy, hydrocephalus, spastic quadriplegia presented for evaluation. he was placed on DPH 100mg--O--200mg prior to presentation. his typical episodes consist of facial twitching (side not specified), unresponsive pupils, and moaning. mother reportedly had the "flu" in the 7th or 8th month of gestation.
9	pneumonia multilobar. loculated left effusion. multi-lobar pneumonia.
9	echocardiogram demonstrated severe coarctation of the aorta with a peak gradient of 29 mmHg and associated dilated cardiomyopathy. the patient underwent cardiac catheterization for balloon angioplasty.
6	a 25-year-old african-american female has been having thin vaginal discharge. the patient states that she has also had frequency of urination. she denies fevers or chills, nausea or vomiting, headaches or head trauma.
10	a 78-year-old woman presents with microscopic hematuria. she has no new joint pains, but has a history of chronic degenerative joint disease. the patient has had bilateral simple mastectomies done 35 years ago.
17	a 54-year-old patient woke up at home with massive swelling of the left side of the tongue. she came to the emergency room for evaluation. the patient was almost intubated on clinical grounds. they decided to give a trial of conservative management of Decadron and racemic epinephrine.
15	a 75-year-old male presented with a penoscrotal abscess. the patient had an open sore on the right side of the penis measuring about 1 cm in size with pouring pus out using blunt dissection. he underwent a total or partial penectomy now or in the future.
14	a patient presented with a recurrent herniation of the left l4-5 disk. he underwent a redo L4-5 diskectomy left. the procedure was successful.
16	no significant change in size of the abdominal aortic aneurysm centered roughly at the renal artery origin level. the liver, spleen, pancreas, adrenals and right kidney are unremarkable. there is advanced atrophy of the left kidney. no hydronephrosis is present.
9	shortness of breath, fatigue and weakness. hypertension. hyperlipidemia. to evaluate for coronary artery disease.
14	a 73-year-old man presents with low back pain and bilateral hip pain. he has history of chronic feet and leg numbness and paraesthesias related to his neuropathy. plain pelvic films showed no fracture or dislocation of the hips.
4	left retrosigmoid craniotomy and excision of acoustic neuroma. tumor was incompletely excised leaving a remnant of the tumor along the cerebellopontine angle portion of the facial nerve.
12	squamous cell carcinoma on the dorsum of the right hand, incompletely excised. patient, 72, brought to the operating room and placed in the supine position. wound was closed with running 3-0 nylon without complication.
14	her axial back pain is greatly improved, but not completely eradicated. there is absolutely no surgery at this point in time that would be beneficial. her lumbar facet joints were denervated approximately 6 months ago.
19	a 51-year-old white male was diagnosed with posttransplant lymphoproliferative disorder. he presented with symptoms of increasing adenopathy, abdominal pain, weight loss. the patient is here for the sixth and final cycle of chemotherapy.
16	59-year-old male presented with progressive sensory and motor deficits. he started using a cane 5 days before being seen and had difficulty walking. his lower extremities had been feeling cold for a day.
9	this 70-year-old Asian-american presents with chest pain syndrome. abnormal EKG suggesting an acute ST elevation, anterior myocardial infarction. she was taken urgently to cardiac catheterization laboratory with possible coronary intervention.
14	the patient sustained impact injuries to his neck and lower back. there was no apparent head injury or loss of consciousness. he denies any posttraumatic seizures.
16	symptoms consist of tingling in the distal lower extremities approximately half way up the calf bilaterally. hot showers may improve his symptoms. denied bowel/bladder problems, or weakness or numbness elsewhere.
9	sectioning reveals a round, ill-defined, firm, tan-gray mucoid mass. the tumor grossly appears to abut, but not invade through, the visceral pleura. there is no necrosis or hemorrhage evident.
9	81-year-old man has shortness of breath, weakness, fatigue, and tiredness. he also relates history of questionable TIA in 1994. patient also has history of cataracts, blurry vision, glaucoma.
14	there is a lobulated mass lesion of the epiglottis measuring approximately 22 x 16 x 30 mm (mediolateral x AP x craniocaudal) in size. there is marked enlargement of the bilateral aryepiglottic folds (left greater than right) there is an infiltrative mass like lesion extending into the pre-epigLOTtic space. the paraglottic spaces are normal.
9	the patient's posterior pharynx was anesthetized with local Cetacaine spray. left ventricle is normal in size and function; ejection fraction approximately 60%. there is evidence of patent foramen ovale by contrast study.
4	brain tumors multiple - adenocarcinoma and metastasis from breast. occipital craniotomy, removal of large tumor using the inner hemispheric approach, stealth system operating microscope and CUSA.
1	83-year-old patient had some cold symptoms, was treated as bronchitis with antibiotics. not long after the patient started having progressive shortness of breath, came to the emergency room with severe bilateral wheezing and crepitations. x-rays however did not show any congestion or infiltrates and pro-BNP was within normal limits. patient improved remarkably over the night on IV steroids and empirical IV Lasix.
14	55-year-old female had previously undergone a biomet Oxford unicompartmental knee replacement on the right side. she now has worsening left knee pain predominantly on the inside of her knee. the knee was examined. the ACL was found to be intact. the lateral compartment had very minimal arthritis.
0	the patient is an 11-month-old with neuroblastoma. he is being treated with chemotherapy per protocol P9641 and not on study.
9	six-month follow-up visit for paroxysmal atrial fibrillation (PAF) she reports that she is getting occasional chest pains with activity. she is frustrated by her inability to lose weight even though she is hyperthyroid.
12	a 58-year-old woman noticed a lump in the breast in November of 2007. a mammogram was obtained on 01/28/08, which showed a mass in the right breast. on 02/22/08, she underwent lumpectomy and sentinel lymph node biopsy. the pathology showed an infiltrating ductal carcinoma Nottingham grade II.
9	85-year-old patient has a history of sick sinus syndrome for which he has permanent pacemaker. the patient is dependent on his pacemaker with 100% pacing in the right ventricle. patient is unable to make his own health care decision and his daughter has medical power of attorney.
17	the patient is a 37-year-old gentleman admitted through emergency room. he presented with symptoms of chest pain, described as a pressure-type dull ache. shortness of breath is noted without any diaphoresis.
14	the patient was bought to the operating room and placed in the supine position. an incision was made, centered over the greater trochanter. the femur was retracted anteriorly and a complete labrectomy was performed.
0	a 74-year-old woman presents with possible adult hydrocephalus. her husband has noticed she has become more stooped in her pasture. she has difficulty stepping up on things like a scale because of this imbalance.
11	the patient underwent an incision and drainage procedure with stay suture placement on 05/28/2008. there is still fluid noted now at the antihelix fold above the concha bullosa below previous sutures placed by Dr. x. the patient tolerated this procedure very well.
16	dobutamine stress echocardiogram used to evaluate for coronary artery disease. patient got nauseated, had some mild shortness of breath during the procedure. maximal heart rate achieved was 145, which is 85% of age-predicted heart rate.
18	the patient was in the prone position back prepped and draped in sterile fashion. a 20 gauge, 15 cm needle was then placed in a cephalad medial 45o direction. 3 cc of Omnipaque dye was injected to the opposite side.
12	a 61-year-old white male with a diagnosis of mantle cell lymphoma. he is off of all immunosuppression and has mild chronic GVHD. the patient is fatigued and has several complaints related to his level of activity.
19	the patient is a 55-year-old hispanic male with epigastric and right upper quadrant abdominal pain, nausea, dizziness, and bloating. from the patient's report he was diagnosed with some kind of viral infection.
5	38-year-old male admitted from emergency room with decreased mental status and right upper lobe pneumonia. ultrasound abdomen, complete.,FINDINGS:, The liver has normal echogenicity. the liver is normal sized. the gallbladder has a normal appearance without gallstones or sludge. there are no renal calculi.
17	a 29-year-old man is seen for new onset of right shoulder pain. he states that this began approximately one week ago when he was lifting stacks of cardboard. the motion that he describes is essentially picking up a stack of cardboard at his waist level, twisting to the right and delivering it at approximately waist level.
5	esophagogastroduodenoscopy with biopsy was performed on a 5-year-old boy. the child had history of irritability and diarrhea with gastroesophagus reflux. biopsy was obtained x2 in the second portion of duodenum, antrum, and distal eosophageal.
10	generalized abdominal pain, nausea, diarrhea, and recent colonic resection in 11/08. axial CT images of the abdomen were obtained without contrast. free fluid is seen within the right upper quadrant within the lower pelvis.
16	the patient exercised for 3 minutes stopping due to fatigue.,2. heart rate increased from 84 to 138 or 93% of maximum predicted heart rate. blood pressure rose from 150/88 to 210/100. the sum score is 0.,2. The Gated SPECT shows moderate LVH with slightly low EF of 48%.
5	abdominal pain, diarrhea, and fever. multiple biopsies including terminal ileum, cecum, hepatic flexure, and sigmoid colon.
16	a 3mm separation of the distal tip of the peroneus longus tendon from the lateral margin of the cuboid bone, consistent with an avulsion. the fifth metatarsal base appears intact. the calcaneus is also normal in appearance.
0	the cervical spine demonstrates normal alignment and mineralization with no evidence of fracture, dislocation, or spondylolisthesis. the vertebral body heights and disc spaces are maintained. the central canal is patent. the pedicles and posterior elements are intact. the paravertebral soft tissues are within normal limits. the atlanto-dens interval and the dens are intact.
16	Previously markedly abnormal dobutamine Myoview stress test and gated scan. study done at rest only revealed findings consistent with an inferior non-transmural scar of moderate size and moderate degree. the left ventricular systolic function is markedly improved with much better regional wall motion.
1	a 53-year-old woman with history of hypertension, diabetes, and depression was admitted to the hospital. she was having chest pains along with significant vomiting and diarrhea. her husband left her 10 days prior to admission and she developed severe anxiety and depression.
4	cervical spondylosis at C3-c4 with cervical radiculopathy and spinal cord compression. 62-year-old man has progressive and intractable right c4 radicular pain. conservative therapy has failed to improve the problem.
7	the patient was taken to the operating room, placed in supine position. dressing was removed from the left eye, which revealed the defect as noted above. tarsoconjunctival pedicle flap was developed by incision of the tarus approximately 3-1/2-4 mm from the lid margin. the flap was then anchored to the lateral orbital rim with two interrupted 6-0 sutures.
4	dr. x performed anterior lumbar fusion on a patient with severe low back pain. he removed the disk and placed a 13-mm PEEK vertebral spacer. at L4-L5, he used a 15 x 20-mm Chronos verteFill tricalcium phosphate plug. half of this was used to fill the hole in the L5 body with a dowel.
9	a 55-year-old male with a history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and O2 dependency presented for the SCOOP procedure fasttract procedure. the patient was brought to operating suite by anesthesia and placed on the operating table in the supine position. a skin incision was then made in the midline with #15 bard-parker in a vertical fashion. further bleeding was controlled with monopolar cauterization and attention was drawn down on to the strap muscles.
17	the patient is a 55-year-old female with hypertension. she has some shortness of breath only at walking up the stairs. the patient has severe osteoarthritis of the left knee.
7	the patient's right eye was prepped and draped in a sterile ophthalmic fashion and the procedure begun. a 360-degree conjunctival periomy was performed at the limbus and the 4 rectus muscles were looped and isolated using 2-0 silk suture.
13	the patient recently presented with postmenopausal bleeding. she was found to have a Grade II endometrial carcinoma on biopsy. the patient was counseled to undergo staging laparotomy.
6	12-year-old male fell off his bicycle, not wearing a helmet, a few hours ago. he complains of neck pain. family history is negative for heart disease, hypertension, obesity, diabetes, cancer or stroke.
15	the patient is an almost 4-year-old boy with an undescended testis on the right. he underwent right orchiopexy and right inguinal hernia repair. the testis was found to be slightly atrophic about 12 mm in length.
17	40 year old hispanic male presented to emergency room complaining of generalized weakness, fatigue and dark urine for one week. he denied any history of liver disease, but had undergone cholecystectomy many years previous.
7	nuclear sclerotic and cortical cataract, right eye. phacoemulsification and extracapsular cataract extraction with intraocular lens implantation.
16	left atrium was mildly to moderately dilated. no masses or thrombi were seen. mitral valve showed to be structurally normal with no prolapse or vegetation. the right ventricular systolic pressure was estimated to be mildly elevated at 40 to 45 mmHg.
16	radiofrequency thermocoagulation of bilateral lumbar sympathetic chain. lidocaine 1.5% for skin wheal was made 10 cm from the midline to the bilateral L2 distal vertebral body. 20-gauge, 15 cm SMK needle was directed using AP and fluoroscopic guidance. sequence of injection, coagulation, and negative motor stimulation was repeated.
5	a 27-year-old white male with a history of spina bifida has a nonhealing decubitus ulcer in the left ischial region. MRI shows findings suggestive of osteomyelitis. the patient is being brought to operating room for debridement of this ulcer.
18	patient was having a large amount of intravenous narcotic to control his thoracotomy pain. patient tolerated the procedure well and experienced immediate benefit out of the procedure.
5	under general anesthesia, flexible esophagoscopy was performed. the quarter was visualized at the aortic knob, was removed with grasper. estimated blood loss 0. Intravenous fluids during time of procedure 100 ml. no tissues. no complications. the patient tolerated the procedure well.
18	dr. sanjay gupta performs trigger point injections with botox. he says the procedure is safe and effective for many neck complaints. the patient is a long-term patient at the pain management clinic.
14	77-year-old african-american female presents to ABCd general hospital with bunion deformity. patient has attempted conservative treatment without long-term relief of symptoms. foot was elevated to the operating table and exsanguinated with an Esmarch bandage.
14	a 42-year-old female fell and sustained a displaced left metaphyseal distal radius fracture indicated for osteosynthesis. the patient was in early stage of gestation. benefits and risks including radiation exposure were discussed with the patient and consulted her primary care doctor.
16	twins a and b had a normal fetus with a cephalic appearance. there was a single 3.9cm anterior pocket in the amniotic fluid.
9	a patient with a history of coronary artery disease status post bypass surgery in 1971 tripped over her oxygen. the patient denies any recent angina, but has noted more prominent shortness of breath. she has had some presumed atrial arrhythmias that have not been sustained.
5	colonoscopy performed for a patient with a flare of ibd. the patient had mild rectal bleeding, but no significant diarrhea. patient had a small bowel perforation, aspiration pneumonia, or reaction to the medications.
14	a 77-year-old male was admitted for progressive weakness and falling. he was found to have cervical spondylosis with myelopathy. the patient had worst disease at levels C3-C4, C4-C5, and C5-C6.
8	a new patient comes in stating she needs refills on her xanax. she also wants to get something to help her quit smoking. the patient is well developed and well nourished.
16	a 51-year-old female first came into the office 3/4/05 with right ankle pain. MRI shows "high ankle sprain" of distal tibiofibular syndesmotic ligamentous complex. there is a full-thickness longitudinal split tear of the peroneus brevis tendon.
14	a bunionectomy was performed on a patient with hallux abductovalgus deformity. a pneumatic ankle tourniquet was placed on the patient's right ankle for the purpose of maintaining hemostasis. all major neurovascular structures were avoided.
5	right-sided abdominal pain with nausea and fever. liver, spleen, pancreas, gallbladder, adrenal glands, and kidney are unremarkable. large and small bowels are normal in course and caliber without obstruction.
14	a 5-year, 5-month-old male sustained a both-bone forearm fracture in 2007. the fracture healed uneventfully, but then the patient suffered a refracture one month ago. his ulnar nail was quite prominent underneath the skin.
17	a 59-year-old female with multiple medical problems was admitted due to a seizure. neurology felt that the only necessary intervention would be to increase her lamictal. the patient was being fed on j-tube intermittent feedings throughout the night at a rate of 120 an hour.
19	the patient is a 55-year-old gentleman who developed iron deficiency anemia. the patient also has chronic diarrhea. last colonoscopy was performed by dr. x in las cruces 3 years ago.
15	a small incision was made in the right superior hemiscrotum and the incision carried down to the vas deferens. the scarred area was dissected free back to normal vas proximally and distally. next the reanastomosis was performed. three 7-0 prolene were used and full thickness bites were taken through the muscle layer of vas and into the lumen. this was all done with 3.5 loupe magnification.
0	the patient was struck by another vehicle from the left side and forced off the road into a utility pole. the other vehicle had reportedly been driven by a drunk driver and ran a traffic signal. there was immediate onset of headaches, neck and lower back pain.
9	70-year-old female with prior history of lung cancer, status post upper lobectomy. she was recently diagnosed with recurrent pneumonia and does have a cancer on the CAT scan, lung cancer with metastasis. the patient has underlying shortness of breath because of COPD, emphysema and chronic cough.
11	a 16-year-old male fractured his nose playing basketball. he has a left nasal obstruction and depressed left nasal bone. the patient underwent open reduction, nasal fracture with nasal septoplasty.
3	a 6-week-old infant had been transferred to children's hospital because of Down syndrome. she has not been able to feed well and in fact has to now be NG tube fed. a pursestring suture was placed in the gastric wall and a tube was placed into the stomach. the stomach was returned to the abdominal cavity and the posterior fascia was closed.
4	herniated nucleus pulposus c5-c6 was diagnosed as cervical hera. cervical discectomy fusion was performed using a titanium dynamic plating system. the procedure was performed with the aid of an operating microscope.
14	cervical myelopathy secondary to very large disc herniations at C4-C5 and C5-C6. patient presents with progressive weakness in the left upper extremity as well as imbalance.
1	the patient was admitted to the emergency room by dr. x. a bowel prep revealed no significant bleeding. vital signs are stable.
14	decompressive laminectomy at T12 with bilateral facetectomies. decompression of T11 and T12 nerve roots bilaterally. pedicle screws and rods with crosslink synthes click'x system.
0	MRI of the cervical spine without contrast showed normal vertebral body height and alignment with normal cervical cord signal. thoracic spine MRI showed evidence of disc generation, especially anteriorly at the T5-T6 level. there was a right paracentral disc protrusion at L4-L5 narrowing of the right lateral recess.
17	the patient denies fever, fatigue, weakness, weight gain or weight loss.,HEAD, EYES, EARS, NOSE AND THROAT:. the patient also denies ringing in the ears, loss of hearing, nosebleeds, nose loss of sense of smell, dry sinuses, sinusitis, post nasal drip.
5	rectal bleeding.,See procedure nurse NCS form.
15	4-year-old boy has abrupt onset of left testicular pain. doctor recommends left scrotal exploration with detorsion. patient had modest congestion and markedly congested down the cord.
18	the area of discomfort was palpated under fluoroscopy. the costochondral cartilages that were symptomatic were marked out. local anesthesia was given subcutaneously and a 0.25-gauge hypodermic needle was inserted.
6	77-year-old female brought down by ambulance from xyz nursing home. nursing staff noted there to be blood in the toilet after she had been sitting on the toilet. patient has dementia and does not recall any of the events.
4	decompressive laminectomy at T12 with bilateral facetectomies. decompression of T11 and T12 nerve roots bilaterally. pedicle screws and rods with crosslink synthes click'x system.
13	a 31-year-old african-american female complains of sudden onset of pain. a 0.9 cm ovarian cyst on the right side was found on ultrasound. the patient signed informed in layman's terms.
17	34-year-old male with significant diabetic neuropathy has been off on insurance for over a year. states that he is deathly afraid of having a low blood sugar due to motor vehicle accident he was in several years ago. his last hemoglobin A1C drawn at the end of December is 11.9. his last CMP shows an elevated alkaline phosphatase level of 168.
13	35-year-old gravida 2 had intrauterine pregnancy at term with previous cesarean. she opted for a scheduled elective C-section and sterilization without any trial of labor. all routine screening labs were normal and she underwent a high-resolution ultrasound.
9	plaques are seen which appear to be causing 40-60% obstruction. the vessel is not pulsating and the artery appears to be totally obstructed. there is no evidence for any significant obstructive disease.
1	a 10-week-old female infant with Goldenhar syndrome is admitted to the hospital. she has a gastrostomy tube in place and a J-tube in place. her left side of the face is deformed with microglia present, micrognathia present.
9	the patient has a history of ischemic cardiac disease. he has not had difficulty with chest pain, palpitations, orthopnea or edema. his father died at the age of 84.
17	the patient is a 35-year-old lady who was admitted with chief complaints of chest pain, left-sided with severe chest tightness. the patient also has a history of supraventricular tachycardia and coronary artery disease. in the emergency room, the patient was also noted to have a strongly positive drug screen including methadone and morphine.
19	the patient is an 88-year-old female. she says she has been feeling well. the last steroid injection that she had with dr. xyz really did help.
17	a 23-year-old hispanic male presented for evaluation of chronic abdominal pain. pain is dull, achy, constant and located at the epigastric area with some radiation to the back. the patient felt he had experienced a twenty-pound weight loss since his symptoms began.
5	two polyps were identified and were removed. the first was a 7-mm sessile lesion in the mid transverse colon at 110 cm, removed with the snare without cautery and retrieved. Numerous diverticula were found in the sigmoid colon. a retroflex through the anorectal junction showed moderate internal hemorrhoids.
16	normal cardiac chambers size.,2. normal left ventricular size. ejection fraction estimated around 60%.,4. aortic valve seen with good motion.,5. mitral valve seen.,6. tricuspid valve seen.,7. no pericardial effusion or intracardiac masses.
11	10-month-old male admitted to hospital with fever, otitis media, and possible sepsis. he was born at 33 weeks' gestation with a birth weight of 5 pounds and 1 ounce. the patient had electrolytes, BUN and creatinine, and glucose all of which were within normal limits.
13	POSTOPERATIVE DAY #1, TOTAL ABDOMINAL HYSTERECTOMY,SUBJECTIVE:,the patient is alert and oriented x3 and sitting up in bed. patient has complaints of incisional tenderness.
5	18-year-old girl with sickle cell anemia has had symptomatic cholelithiasis. she requested appendectomy because of concern of future diagnostic dilemma. procedure was explained in detail including the risks of bleeding, infection, retained common duct stones.
9	duplex imaging was carried out according to normal protocol with a 7.5 Mhz imaging probe using B-mode ultrasound. all deep veins demonstrated compressibility without evidence of intraluminal thrombus or increased echogenicity. the long saphenous vein measured * cm at the proximal thigh with reflux of * seconds after release of distal compression.
17	a 45-year-old man was admitted to the hospital with severe abdominal pain. he had an incarcerated umbilical hernia, which was reduced, with relief of pain. the man is now being admitted for definitive repair.
2	the patient was cooperative and appeared to follow the test instructions. there is no evidence of organicity on the beck test. he has moderately negative expectancies regarding his future and is expressing suicidal ideation.
0	,EEG during wakefulness, drowsiness, and sleep demonstrated no evidence of focal or epileptogenic activity.
9	the patient was intubated secondary to respiratory distress. he was given a total of 5 mg of versed, 20 mg of etomidate, and 10 mg vecuronium. the patient tolerated the procedure well.
8	patient was informed by dr. ABC that he does not need sleep study as per patient. if constipation not resolved by a.m., consider a fleet enema then as discussed.
12	a 77-year-old female has been diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. she has been on diovan 80/12.5 mg daily, lipitor 10 mg daily and folic acid 0.8 mg daily. her family history includes a fractured ankle in 2000.
16	the left main coronary artery is a moderate-sized vessel with a normal ostium. the left anterior descending artery has a small first diagonal branch and a large second diagonal branch. there is marked tapering of the D2 branch distal to the proximal and ostial calcific plaque.
9	a single frontal view of the chest was evaluated and correlated with the prior film dated mm/dd/yy. current film reveals there is a right-sided central venous catheter. endotracheal tube with the distal tip appears to be in appropriate position. there are no focal areas of consolidation to suggest pneumonia. once again seen is minimal amount of bilateral basilar atelectasis.
9	a 43-year-old man developed worsening hypoxia with abundant sputum production requiring frequent suctioning from his ET tube. he also had new-appearing atelectasis versus infiltrates in the right lower lobe of his lung on chest x-ray. the patient was given additional fentanyl, versed as well as paralytics for the procedure.
19	ms. ABC has left shoulder pain and left upper extremity C6 radiculopathy. she has some associated minimal weakness described in detail in prior office note. on examination, she has 4 plus over 5 strength in the left biceps and triceps muscle groups.
10	numerous subcentimeter nodules seen within the lung bases. liver, gallbladder, pancreas, spleen, adrenal glands, kidneys are within normal limits. there is no free fluid or lymphadenopathy seen within abdomen or pelvis.
14	the patient is a 19-year-old male, who sustained a gunshot wound to the left tibia. he underwent intramedullary nail fixation of the fracture with a Stryker t2 nail, 10 x 390. the risk of infection, bleeding, injuries to nerves, or vital structures, nonunion or malunion, need for reoperation, compartment syndrome were discussed.
9	baby boy, xyz, is a 29-3/7-week gestation infant. his mother had premature rupture of membranes on 12/20/08.
17	a 40-year-old male with multiple medical problems came to the hospital complaining of chest pain. he says he missed 3 digoxin doses in the last 3 days after being discharged from hospital and then took 3 tablets together. the patient says that he has had one stent put in in the past and atrial fibrillation.
6	the patient is a pleasant 17-year-old gentleman who was playing basketball today in gym. two hours prior to presentation, someone stepped on his right ankle and twisted it. he cannot bear weight on it now and cannot move or bear weight.
14	distal biceps tendon ruptured in the right elbow. two fiber wires were utilized in a Krackow-type suture. the tendon ends were sharply cut approximately 5 mm to 7 mm from the tip to create a fresh surface.
16	the patient is status-post surgery, he could not straighten his leg, pain in the back of the knee. there is no evidence of any displaced fractures, dislocations, or subluxations. growth arrest lines seen in the distal aspect of the femur and proximal aspect of tibia.
9	a 10-year-old boy with cystic fibrosis is seen for routine follow-up visit. he has a chronic cough that has been slightly increased for the prior 4 days. ABC is a cooperative school-aged boy in no apparent distress.
18	the patient presented with significant apprehension concerning the proposed procedure and is fearful of movement during the procedure producing further neurological injury. a number #18-gauge Tuohy epidural needle was then inserted and advanced with fluoroscopic guidance until passing just superior to the lamina of L5.
5	a 44-year-old african-american female was admitted to the service of dr. lang. she had been hospitalized multiple times for intractable nausea and vomiting and dehydration. the best option for supplemental nutrition for this patient was placement of a PEG tube.
15	umbilical hernia repair was performed using a combination of metzenbaum scissors and bovie electrocautery. the sac was then placed into the abdominal cavity and the defect was closed using simple interrupted 0 Vicryl sutures.
16	the patient exercised according to the Lexiscan nuclear stress study. the left ventricle appears to be dilated on both stress and rest. EF was calculated at 32%, estimated 35% to 40%.
7	the patient was brought to the operating room where retrobulbar anesthesia was induced. phacoemulsification was then instilled in the eye and a linear incision made in the lens. the lens was cracked with a forceps and the remaining lens material was removed.
5	her last colonoscopy was in 2002, and at that time she was told it was essentially normal. she has a strong family history of colon cancer, and wants to have a repeat. surgically she has had a stomach operation for ulcer disease back in 1974.
14	13-year-old new patient is here for evaluation of thoracic kyphosis. the patient has a family history in a maternal aunt and grandfather of kyphsis. she is currently on Zyrtec, Flonase, and ceftin for an ear infection.
7	phacoemulsified nucleus was hydrodelineated and hydrodissected with balanced salt solution. posterior capsule was vacuumed; it was clear and intact. model MA30AC lens, power 21.5 diopters, serial number 864414.095, was inserted.
11	a 3-year-old female presents today for evaluation of chronic ear infections bilateral. Associated signs and symptoms include: cough, fever, irritability and speech and language delay.
9	right heart catheterization was performed for a patient with refractory CHF. the patient tolerated the procedure well.
4	a 36-year-old female presented with severe, recalcitrant right upper extremity pain. she had numbness, tingling, shoulder pain, axial neck pain, and headaches. the patient underwent anterior cervical discectomy with decompression.
5	a 77-year-old female came into the emergency room obtunded and unable to give any information. on a chest x-ray for what appeared to be shortness of breath she was found to have what was thought to be free air under the right diaphragm. she had an appendectomy, right hip fracture from a fall in 2005, and TAH/BSO.
18	sacroiliac joint pain was the indication for the procedure. the patient remained awake throughout the procedure in order to interact and give feedback. fluoroscopic pillar view was used to identify bony landmarks.
0	scans were performed from L1 to S2 and reformatted images were obtained in the sagittal and coronal planes. there is mild decreased disc height, anterior end plate spondylosis, circumferential disc protrusion measuring 4.6mm (AP) and right extraforaminal osteophyte disc complex. the disc bulging flattens the ventral thecal sac and there is minimal non-compressive right neural foraminal narrowing, minimal facet arthrosis.
15	84-year-old male with history of BPH scheduled for elective TURP procedure. cystourethroscopy revealed trilobar enlargement of the prostate with prostatic varices of the median lobe.
9	a 65-year-old man presented with exertional dyspnea and cramping-like chest pain. he was undergoing angiography to determine if his symptoms are due to coronary artery disease. the patient was found to have a high-grade lesion at the proximal right coronary and a coronary intervention was performed.
17	a 94-year-old female from the nursing home with several days of lethargy and anorexia. she was found to have evidence of UTI. she also has renal insufficiency and digitalis toxicity.
4	brain tumor left temporal lobe - glioblastoma multiforme. a large cystic mass was just below the cortex in the white matter just anterior to the trigone of the ventricle. tumor was removed using the operating microscope and greenwood bipolar forceps.
16	the left testicle measures 5.1 x 2.8 x 3.0 cm. there is no evidence of intratesticular masses. the left epididymis has an unremarkable appearance.
8	well developed, well nourished, alert, in no acute distress. GCS 50, nontoxic.,VITAL SIGNS:, Blood pressure *, pulse *, respirations *, temperature * degrees F. Pulse oximetry *%.
16	radioembolization therapy of hepatocellular carcinoma in the right lobe of the liver using 3.78 GBq of yttrium-90 microspheres therasphere.
17	59-year-old white male has chronic tinnitus in the left ear with moderate hearing loss. he has no symptoms at this time and remains in excellent health. father died of an MI at age 67 with COPD and was a heavy smoker.
0	a 29-year-old woman fell down a flight of stairs, striking her right side of the head. she was found by her boyfriend the next morning, poorly responsive and amidst a coffee ground like emesis. a ct scan revealed a small liner high attenuation area lateral to the right parietal lobe.
14	due to the nature of the patient's increasing pain, surgery is recommended. the alternatives, risks and benefits of surgery were discussed with the patient. a signed and witnessed informed consent was placed on the chart.
14	left neck pain with left upper extremity radiculopathy. left C6-c7 neuroforaminal stenosis secondary to osteophyte. patient had anterior cervical discectomy with decompression.
13	total abdominal hysterectomy with a uterosacral vault suspension was performed. the patient had an enlarged fibroid uterus with multiple subserosal and intramural fibroids as well as some filmy adnexal adhesions bilaterally. a vertical skin incision was made 1 cm below the umbilicus extending down to 2 cm above the pubic bone.
14	the patient presents today for follow up of osteoarthritis Grade IV of bilateral knees. the subjective pain is on the bilateral knee right worse than left. physical therapy is helping.
