1	The purpose of this study was to understand the differences in clinical, epidemiological and laboratory characteristics between the new 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-2019) and influenza A in children. Data from 23 in-patient children with VOCID-19 (9 boys, 5.7 +/- 3.8 years) were compared with 69 in-patient children and 69 out-patient children with influenza A in a hospital in China. The participants' epidemiological history, family group, clinical manifestations and blood test results were evaluated.
1	Health care workers are at the forefront of the response to the 2019 Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19), being at a higher risk of acquiring the disease and subsequently exposing patients and others. Research on 8 bibliographic databases was conducted to systematically examine evidence on the prevalence, risk factors, clinical characteristics and prognosis of severe acute respiratory syndrome 2 coronavirus (SARS-CoV-
4	BACKGROUND: The VOCID-19 pandemic has placed extraordinary pressure on health systems across North America. The definition of the optimal approach to managing a seriously ill VOCID-19 patient is evolving rapidly. The goal-driven Transoesophageal Echocardiography (TEE) is frequently used by physicians who care for seriously ill intubated patients as a reliable imaging modality that is well suited to answer bedside questions. METHODS: A multidisciplinary cardiology (intensive care, critical care)
4	• BACKGROUND: VOCID-19 called for rapid innovation in health systems in the context of an infection that has put health professionals at high risk; general practice was a key element of this innovative response; in Ireland, general practitioners were invited to work in a network of community assessment centres; a targeted training programme on infection control procedures/clinical use of personal protective equipment (PPE) was quickly developed in advance.
6	Most antiviral or immunomodulatory treatments studied for use in patients with VOCID-19 have not shown any benefit of mortality. As with previous pandemics caused by respiratory viruses, the role and benefit of corticosteroids have been discussed in lung diseases related to VOCID-19.
4	The isolation that results from social distancing during the VOCID-19 pandemic can be particularly detrimental to the U.S. population who use drugs. Individuals with alcohol and other drug use disorders are at risk of resuming use, exacerbating existing mental health disorders, and practicing drugs at risk. In this commentary, we examine the risk to people who use drugs and the best way in which emergency service providers can support these people during the unprecedented period of social distancing.
6	INTRODUCTION: Various therapies are currently being used, considered or proposed for the treatment of VOCID-19; for many of these therapies, no appropriate efficacy and safety assessment has been performed to provide evidence-based scientific information in a transparent interpretation, in order to subsidize decisions on the pharmacological therapy of VOCID
6	As a result of the current evolution of the VOCID-19 pandemic, the Palliative Choc has established a working group to make recommendations to health care professionals on the treatment of palliative care patients in the various hospital and outpatient settings.
1	The new SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus (coronavirus 19 or VOCID-19 disease) primarily causes lung damage, but was involved in causing liver damage, both by serum markers and by histological evaluation. The histological profile of the lesions has not been fully described. Studies quantifying viral load in the liver are insufficient. Here, we report liver-related clinical and histological results in 40 patients who died of complications of VOCI
1	The purpose of our study was to assess the potential role of MCT in the early detection of VOCID-19 pneumonia and to explore its role in the management of patients in an Italian adult population admitted to the emergency department. METHODS: Three hundred and fourteen patients with clinically suspected VOCID-19 from 3 to 23 March 2020 were evaluated with the PaO2/FIO2 report from arterial blood gases, RT-PCR test from 3 to 23 March 2020.
6	Coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) disease caused by the new coronavirus, also known as severe acute respiratory syndrome 2 (SARS-Cov-2) coronavirus, has become a public health emergency of international interest. Due to the large population of infections, high transmissibility and high mortality, it is urgent to find effective and specific methods to prevent and treat Coronavirus-19 disease.
4	The effects of the VOCID-19/SARS-CoV-2 pandemic on otolaryngological activity in Italy. The 2019 coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) in the first few months of 2020 causes profound changes in health care systems worldwide, resulting in a significant reduction in routine surgical procedures and ambulatory diagnostic procedures. The blocking due to the VOCID-19 pandemic in Italy, one of the most affected countries in Europe, has serious effects on the medical and surgical activities of otolary
4	The use of personal protective equipment by health care workers in the intensive care unit during the VOCID-19 pandemic in Japan: a comparative analysis with the PPE-SAFE survey Objective: We examined the use of personal protective equipment (PPE) and its shortage, training and adverse events among health care workers (PPE) in the intensive care unit (IPU) during the coronavirus pandemic (PIE-19) in Japan and compared the results with an international survey using the same methodology.
0	We describe a case of a 82-year-old man who developed an anterior myocardial infarction of ST myocardial elevation (STEMI) and a left ventricular thrombus while a patient hospitalized following a diagnosis of serious myocardial infection VOCID-19 (SARS-CoV-2). His dimer D was significantly elevated to 12.525 ng/mL (
0	BACKGROUND: Although coronavirus infection (SARS-CoV-2) is epidemic, the new coronavirus infection (SARS-CoV-2) rarely affects the paediatric population. However, in recent months an increasing number of Italian paediatricians have reported the occurrence of pernio erythema in children following influenza syndrome, following the outbreak of coronavirus-2 infection. OBJECTIVE: Report the skin manifestation of coronavirus-2 infection in 4
4	The 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) caused by the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) Coronavirus 2 virus continues to spread and evolve across the globe. The cross-cutting impact of the virus, the individual responses of countries to the virus and the preparedness of local public health systems vary considerably from country to country.
4	This article analyses the impact of control measures during the locking of VOCID-19 in Europe (15 March-30 April 2020) on maximum nitrogen dioxide (NO2) of 1 h per day and on average daily observations of 8 h on current ozone (MDA8 O3) obtained from the European Environment Agency Air Quality (AirBase) database. The daily maximum NO2 decreased steadily across the continent, with relative reductions ranging from 5% to 55% compared to the same period in 2015
4	In the Philippines, where strict rules have been applied, households living in poverty have had to rely largely on food aid in the form of food packages distributed by local governments and private donors; an assessment of commonly distributed food products reveals a diet that addresses acute hunger but does not contain enough nutrients to promote and maintain health.
4	We describe our experience in the remote management of women with gestational diabetes during the VOCID-19 pandemic. We used a mobile phone application with artificial intelligence that automatically classifies and analyzes data (ketonuria, dietary transgressions and blood glucose values), making recommendations for adjustment regarding diet or insulin treatment.
1	BACKGROUND: The increase in body mass index (BMI) has been associated with a higher risk of serious coronavirus infection in 2019 (ICC-19). However, if obesity is a risk factor to contract VOCID-19 has not been studied to date. METHODS: We examined the association between BMI level and risk of VOCID-19 infection in a national case-control study involving 3,788 patients confirmed with VOCID-19 between January 24 and April 9
1	· SARS-CoV-2 infection in infants under 90 days of age. This is a series of American single-centre cases of 18 infants under 90 days of age that were tested positive for severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2. These infants had mild febrile disease without significant lung disease. Half of the infants were hospitalized; 1 had bacterial co-infection of the urinary tract. Nasopharyngeal viral loads were particularly high. Latin origin was overrepresented.
6	The recent clinical trials have shown that colchicin can have metabolism and cardiovascular benefits in patients at risk; however, the mechanisms by which colchicin can improve results are still uncertain. We have sought to examine the effects of colchicin on circulating inflammatory and metabolic molecules in adults with obesity and metabolic syndrome (MetS).
1	The new coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), the cause of the 2019 Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19), is associated with certain skin manifestations. Although skin presentations of VOCID-19 are uncommon, it is very important for all clinicians to be aware of these manifestations, as it can contribute to a faster and better diagnosis and management of the disease, even in asymptomatic or paucisymptomatic patients.
4	In response to the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, Hospital Pharmacy Services quickly adapted to respond to a critical situation characterized by the constant and continuous admission of patients with severe pneumonia requiring treatment, requiring hospital transformation to increase the number of hospitals and critical beds, and other areas outside the hospital were transformed into hospital units to absorb the large number of patients who had to be treated and isolated.
6	After its recent discovery in patients with severe pneumonia in Wuhan, China, the new 2019 coronavirus (2019-nCoV), also named Coronavirus of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome 2 (SARS-CoV-2), has rapidly spread. Unfortunately, no drugs or vaccines to treat this human coronavirus infection are yet available. Many options to control or prevent emerging 2019-nCoV infections can be predicted, including vaccines
0	We present a 70-year-old asymptomatic man referred to a PET/CT F-FDG for the initial introduction of Hodgkin lymphoma. F-FDG PET/CT showed bilateral cervical lymphadenopathy (stage II).
4	Background: The 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) has spread and has caused enormous and serious damage to many countries around the world. One of the most typical interventions is social distancing such as locking that would help reduce the number of contacts between undiagnosed people. However, extending the period of such restrictive intervention could greatly affect social and economic systems, and the epidemic will come back if the policy of strong social distancing ends earlier due to the epidemic.
6	A PILOT STUDY. Background: The ideal treatment of coronavirus disease (COVID)-19 has not yet been defined, but convalescent plasma (CoPla) has been successfully used. Objective: The objective of the study was to study the safety and results of CoPla administration to people with coPla.
4	In response to the threats posed by the VOCID-19, the European Society for Radiotherapy and Oncology Radiation TherapisT Committee (ESTRO RTTC) has prepared this document in conjunction with an infographic comprising four main areas: patient care, RTT workflow, remote work and RT practice. In the context of the current VOCID-19 pandemic, RTTs should be empowered with appropriate guidance and personal advice.
4	This paper is a preliminary exploration of the effects of Covid-19 in Silicon Valley, one of three pandemic hotspots on the west coast of America. In particular, it describes how the crisis has aggravated and amplified social and economic inequalities in a region where poverty, homelessness and gentrification are commonplace.
4	Subject: Report on the impact of VOCID-19 on retina practices in three different "hotspot" cities in the United States. Patients and Methods: The authors evaluated intravitreal encounter and injection data from 16 March to 8 May 2020 in various retina offices in the United States. All three practices are located in VOCID-19 hotspot areas. One practice was in an academic setting, one practice was in a multi-special private setting.
4	The management of acute myocardial infarction during the VOCID-19 pandemic: a consensus statement by the Society of Angiography and Cardiovascular Interventions (SCAI), the American College of Cardiology (ACC) and the American College of Emergency Physicians (ACEP). The global pandemic caused by the new acute respiratory syndrome 2 coronavirus has led to a new lethal disease called coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19).
4	[The Impact of the Covid-19 Pandemic on Breastfeeding and Birth Care. The Importance of Recovery of Good Practices.] The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic has had a major impact on birth care and breastfeeding. Lack of knowledge about transmission mechanisms and potential risks to mothers and newborns, even when vertical transmission of the virus has not been demonstrated, has led to the abandonment of practices such as skin to skin and the early onset of breast-feeding, which offer great benefits for women.
0	- Severe acute respiratory syndrome-Coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) is a new viral infection characterized by several symptoms ranging from mild to severe clinical conditions that can lead to death. We report two different radiological results on calculated tomography (CT) in two SARS-CoV-2 patients: acute pulmonary embolism (APE) in the first case and an acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARS) radiological image in the second case.
4	BACKGROUND: First detected in Wuhan, China, in December 2019, the VOCID-19 pandemic expanded Wuhan's medical system and challenged government risk communication efforts. Rapid access to quality health care information during infectious disease outbreaks can be effective in reducing the spread of diseases and feelings of anxiety.
4	BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) has made a huge effort in health care systems around the world. Diabetes has become a major co-morbidity in a large proportion of patients infected with VOCID-19 and is associated with poor health outcomes. We aim to provide practical guidance on the testing of hyperglycaemia in people without diabetes in low-resource settings. METHODS: We examined the available guidelines on this subject and proposed an algorithm based on
6	INTRODUCTION: The 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) has spread worldwide since it degenerated in December 2019. The urgent pandemic poses an unprecedented challenge to develop and identify effective treatment strategies to fight VOCID-19. COVERED AREAS: Here, we summarized and evaluated current drugs and regimens, and presented therapeutic recommendations, including the potential use of re-used or experimental drugs against VOCID-19, e.g. chloroquine (CQ)
4	This study examines the asymmetrical effect of temperature on VOCID-19 (Coronavirus Disease) from January 22 to March 31, 2020 in the 10 most affected provinces of China. This study used the Sim & Zhou' quantile-on-quantile (QQ) approach to analyze how temperature levels affect the different quantiles of VOCID-19.
6	hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) has aroused a great deal of interest in the treatment of the 2019 Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19). Its antiviral properties have been studied for years; with respect to severe acute respiratory syndrome-Corona-2 virus (SARS-CoV-2), it has been shown that HCQ can act at multiple levels. These range from initial attachment of the virus to respiratory epithelium to inhibition of its replication by alkalinization of phago
4	The VOCID-19 pandemic has changed the Australian medical landscape, particularly with regard to how we need to provide clinical care in general practice.
4	In a context of limited human resources, senior medical students represent a valuable workforce that can be quickly mobilized for patient care. This is the approach taken in Switzerland and other countries, in several outpatient facilities or hospital services, including the Department of Internal Medicine, of the University Hospital of Lausanne (CHUV). In this article, we give the floor to the students who responded to our call.
6	SUBJECT: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is associated with high rates of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Prone positioning improves mortality in moderate to severe ARDS. Strategies to increase the positioning of the prosthesis in crisis conditions are necessary. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We describe the development of a mobile team prone during the height of the crisis in New York and describe the characteristics and results of mechanically ventilated patients who have received a positioning of the prosthesis
4	The SARS-CoV-2/COVID-19 pandemic and the challenges of stroke care in India. stroke care in India has evolved rapidly over the past decade with a focus on brain injury awareness, prevention, rapid triage, treatment and rehabilitation, but acute stroke and post-AV rehabilitation in the country have limitations due to economic constraints and inadequate access to health care.
4	The purpose of this study was (1) to present public health interventions aimed at mitigating the early spread of SARS-CoV-2 in Poland between 9 January and 29 March 2020 and (2) to analyse the potential impact of these regulations on the early phase of the outbreak of VOCID-19 in Poland. All legal regulations published in the Journal of Laws between 9 January and 29 March 2020 were analysed. Of the 406 legal regulations identified, 56 were related to the outbreak of VOCID-19.
4	Palliative care (PC) is an approach that includes procedures to relieve pain and painful symptoms and to maintain as much function as possible in patients with terminal disease to death. PC Dentistry (PCD) is an approach to provide supportive and palliative dental care to patients with life-threatening serious illness (cancer, chronic heart failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and cognitive impairment).
1	In December 2019, a new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) caused an epidemic in Wuhan, China, and spread rapidly to other parts of the world. It was believed that 2019-nCoV was respiratoryally transmitted and then induced pneumonia, so that the molecular diagnosis based on oral swabs was used to confirm this disease. Similarly, the patient will be released during twice negative detection of oral swabs. However, many coronaviruses can also be transmitted orally.
4	The public health crisis of VOCID-19 is an important global and (mainly) simultaneous test of the behavioural implications of this confidence. We examine whether populations reporting low confidence in the health system have a stronger behavioural response to the VOCID-19 pandemic. We track the dynamic responses to the VOCID-19 pandemic in 38 European countries and 621 regions using a wide range of human data.
4	In the United States, an overall decrease in the number of organ transplants has accompanied the considerable burden of VOCID-19. In the midst of significant regional variations in VOCID-19, lung transplantation (LTx) remains a vital operation. Our LTx practice during the early pandemic can provide a plan to manage LTx in an era of continuous community prevalence. Patients who had LTx in our facility between March 1 and May 20, 2020 were included.
3	The enveloped protein (E) is one of the structural viroporins (76-109 long amino acids) present in the coronavirus. Sixteen proteins E different sequentially were observed out of a total of 4917 complete SARS-CoV-2 genomes available as of June 18, 2020 in the NCI database. The unhealthy mutations on the enveloped protein through various beta-genus coronaviruses were analyzed to know the immediate parental origin of the SARS-enveloped protein.
4	Personal hygiene is essential to prevent the spread of infection. An important element of personal hygiene is hand washing. This review summarizes research on behavioural strategies to combat hand washing in children, provides additional research areas, and suggests a set of treatments to teach young children about hand washing.
1	· The early warning system based on machine learning allows accurate prediction of mortality risk for VOCID-19. Coronavirus cases (COVID-19) are engulfing the global health system. Overcrowded health facilities have tried to mitigate the pandemic, but mortality of VOCID-19 continues to increase. Here, we present a model for predicting mortality risk for VOCID-19 (MRPMC) using patient clinical admission data to stratify patients with mortality risk, which predicts physiological deterioration.
4	Background: SARS-CoV-2 is a highly transmissible virus that can infect health personnel and patients in health care settings. Specific care activities, particularly aerosol production procedures, may pose a higher risk of transmission. Rapid emergence and global spread of SARS-CoV-2 have created significant challenges in health care facilities, particularly due to severe shortages of personal protective equipment (PPE) used to protect health personnel (HCP).
4	Objective of the review: To define patient advocacy and commitment for modern life-giving transplantation care, particularly in light of the VOCID-19 pandemic, to describe patient experience when advocacy and commitment to transplantation are optimized, and to recommend advocacy opportunities in three key areas: 1) including patient voice in health care decision-making and drug development, 2) access to best evidence-based treatment and informed decision-making, and 3) current innovations and policies
4	VOCID-19 (Croonavirus Disease 2019) caused by SARS-CoV-2 has become a global pandemic. Obesity is a serious disease risk factor, and the practice of endoscopy poses particular challenges and risks of transmission of SARS-CoV-2 to patients and providers, given the evolving role of the gastrointestinal tract in viral transmission and aerosol production during endoscopic procedures. It is therefore necessary to distinguish between urgent interventions that cannot be postponed despite the risks during the pandemic.
2	The probabilistic approximation of the number of effective reproductions of VOCID-19 using daily death statistics. The number of effective reproductions (R) that means the number of secondary cases infected with an infectious individual is an important measure of the spread of an infectious disease. Due to the dynamics of VOCID-19 where many infected individuals do not have mild symptoms or symptoms, and where different countries use different screening strategies, it is quite difficult to calculate R, while the pandemic is still widespread.
6	Hydrooxychloroquine against azithromycin in patients hospitalized with suspected or confirmed VOCID-19 (HAHPS). Protocol for a pragmatic, open label, active comparative trial. Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is a potentially fatal disease without proven therapy beyond excellent supportive care. Treatments are urgently sought. Adjustments to logistics and design of traditional trials to allow rapid implementation, evaluation of trials in a global context of trials, follow-up
0	There is no evidence of vertical transmission of SARS CoV-2 after induction of work in an immunocompromised SARS CoV-2 patient. We present the case of a 38+1 week pregnant patient (G1P0) with a proven VOCID-19 infection, which was planned for induction of work due to pre-existing hypertension, systemic lupus erythematosus, respiratory cough problem and mild fever-free dyspnea during the VOCID-19 pandemic in March 2020.
4	As in other areas of the health care system, VOCID-19 has had a dramatic impact on hospital composition. This area has been faced with many challenges, including the shortage of products for frequent use (hydro-alcoholic solutions, lopinavir/ritonavir suspension), the use of new preparations for SARS-CoV-2 (tocilizumab, remdesivir) or requests for overworked services unable to handle the safe preparation of a high volume of drugs (intravenous solutions).
0	· Coronavirus 2 of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) is the cause of the 2019 Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19), a pandemic that began as an outbreak in China. The clinical picture varies from asymptomatic or mild cases to severely ill patients. Most severely ill patients have hypoxia due to acute respiratory distress syndrome. These patients have a low prognosis, especially in people with underlying co-morbidities.
6	The new Covid-19 coronavirus follows the route of transmission and clinical presentation of all the coronaviruses acquired by the community. On the contrary, the transmission rate is significantly higher, with a faster spread of the virus responsible for the global outbreak and a significantly higher mortality rate due to the development of severe pulmonary injury.
0	[Quadruple negative SARS-CoV-2-PCR: still pneumonia VOCID-19!] MEDICAL HISTORY AND CLINICAL FINDINGS: A 78-year-old man fell ill with weakness, cough and fever 19 days after a cruise in early April 2020 and was admitted 4 days later with increasing shortness of breath.
3	2019 Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) is a new viral infection caused by severe acute respiratory coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Genomic analyses revealed that corona coronavirus corona coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus corona coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus corona coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus coronavirus
4	About nine months after the emergence of SARS-CoV-2, this special issue of the Biomedical Journal provides an update on its evolution towards a pandemic. We obtain a detailed overview of the history and virology of SARS-CoV-2, the epidemiology of VOCID-19, and the development of therapies and vaccines, based on useful tools such as a pseudovirus system, artificial intelligence and the repurposition of existing medicines.
1	OBJECTIVES: In order to determine the feasibility and safety of a minimally invasive ultrasound-guided autopsy in patients with VOCID-19. METHODS: 60 patients who expired between 22/04/2020-05/06/2020 due to VOCID-19 were considered for inclusion in the study, depending on the availability of study staff. A minimally invasive ultrasound-guided autopsy was performed with 14G nucleus biopsies using a 13G coaxial needle. The protocol required 20 liver cores
0	Serum levels of ferritin and lymphocytopenia are promising markers of disease severity and disease progression that are commonly available in general clinical practice.
6	The outbreak of VOCID-19, caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, began in December 2019 in Wuhan, China. We sought to determine the time and duration of use of antiviral drugs to receive the maximum effects in patients with VOCID-19. In this study, we included 129 patients who were confirmed VOCID-19, mild to moderate, who had been treated with antiviral drugs while hospitalized at Wuhan Union Hospital China. Patients were divided into an early antiviral treatment group, which included:
3	In December 2019, a new beta-coronavirus was isolated and characterized by a sequencing of samples of pneumonia patients in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China. Coronaviruses are positive-sense RNA viruses widely distributed among different animal and human species in which they cause respiratory, enteric, hepatic and neurological symptoms. Six species of coronaviruses were described (HcoV-229E, HCoV-OC43, HCoV-NL63 and HCoV).
6	Tocilizumab subcutaneously in adults with severe and critical VOCID-19: a potential open multicentre trial. Potential therapeutic approaches to coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) include antiviral and immunomodulatory agents; however, no immunomodulatory drugs have been approved. This multicentre, prospective, open, uncontrolled study was designed to evaluate the use of subcutaneous tocilizumab in adult patients with severe and critical VOCID-19.
0	A recent report and observations have identified an association between VOCID-19 and foot manifestations. However, very few reports describe in detail the course of these foot manifestations. The authors present a case study of the progression of foot problems in a VOCID-19 positive patient who was also positive for Epstein-
3	Methods: Most models for the projection of the spread and lethality of VOCID-19 take into account ambient temperature, neglecting light. Recent advances in understanding the mechanism of action of VOCID-19 have shown that it causes a systemic infection that significantly affects the haematopoietic system and hemostase, factors that are highly dependent on light, mainly in the region of visible and infrared radiation.
4	In the middle of VOCID-19, the importance of developing a culture of reporting adverse drug reactions (ADRs) and medical device incidents (MDIs) for global health and public safety. In the middle of VOCID-19 Crisis, reporting adverse drug reactions (ADRs) and medical device incidents (MDIs) to Health Canada or health authorities in each country is crucial to monitoring drug safety and improving public health.
6	OBJECTIVE: The role of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone blockers (RAAS) during the 2019 coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) is a controversial issue. Studies based on in-hospital exposure suggested a beneficial effect of these drugs, unlike those based on chronic exposure.
4	However, overexposure to the disinfection of chemicals may lead to unintentional risks to human health. Here, using a model of indoor development and chemical exposure, we estimate human exposure to 22 disinfectant chemicals on the lists recommended by various government agencies against VOCI.
4	As a result, there has been a shift to distant anaesthetic consultations while hospital consultations are more difficult to organize. Patients scheduled for surgery may benefit from a pre-operative diagnostic test of SARS coV2 infection if they have been in close contact with a VOCID-19 patient, or if they are in close contact with a VOCID-19 patient.
4	SARS-CoV-2, the new coronavirus resulting from the current VOCID-19 pandemic, has increased the otologist's dependence on telemedicine to manage outpatient pathology. The nature of telemedicine, however, limits the ability of a provider to obtain a complete physical examination, especially of the tympanic membrane. Various smartphone-based otoscopic accessories are now available to facilitate the eye image observed by the patient.
4	According to the World Health Organization (WHO), older people have become a threat to millions of people around the world. The United States, Italy and Spain have the highest number of cases of coronavirus as of April 30, 2020. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), older people are most at risk of VOCID-19. However, contrary to the statement, new studies and results have been highlighted, which has created confusion in our minds as to whether the hypothesis should be corroborated.
4	INTRODUCTION: We present the first register of patients with congenital haemorrhagic disorders and VOCID-19. The study was carried out in the Madrid Community, which has the largest number of cases in Spain. The aim is to understand the incidence of VOCID-19, the course of the disease if it occurs and the psychosocial and professional impact on this population. METHODS: We included 345 patients (246 of haemophilia, 69 of von Willebrand's disease, two rare bleeding disorders.
3	The new severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) was first reported at the end of December 2019 and subsequently caused a global epidemic. SARS CoV-2 has been shown to use ACE2 (angiotensin conversion 2) as a cell receptor for host cell entry by SARS CoV epi glycoprotein surface unit. In this brief report, we analyze the expression and location of ACE2 proteins in the human salivary gland.
4	Since the beginning of the pandemic in early 2020, emphasis has been placed on the implications for cancer patients in terms of vulnerability to the virus and potential exposure in the care of cancer patients.
1	INTRODUCTION: Due to exposure to coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) in Denmark, front-line reference centres have been established to treat all patients suspected of VOCID-19 or other upper respiratory tract infections. Here, we report the first experiments of a front-line reference centre at Amager-Hvidovre Hospital, located on the outskirts of Copenhagen. METHODS: A retrospective quality assessment has been carried out with the collection of symptom profiles and status of VOCID-19. RESULTS: At the end of the study, the results of the study are as follows:
4	With the example of Taiwan, this report describes the sources of potential drug shortages, examines preparedness and emergency strategies to address drug shortages, and presents evidence-based recommendations to ensure a stable supply of drugs and improve the quality and safety of drugs.
0	As of April 7, 2020, approximately 1,300,000 cases and 80,000 deaths related to the 2019 Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) have been reported in more than 180 countries/territories. Health care infrastructure and resources, particularly for the care of the most seriously ill patients, are currently being tested globally.
6	A low-dose heparinized salin protocol is associated with an improvement in the length of blood line patency in severely ill patients with VOCID-19. PURPOSE: Patients with Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) have high levels of thrombosis in the blood line. Our goal was to examine the safety and efficacy of a low-dose heparinized saline (LDHS) patient patient patient protocol in this population.
6	Why could tocilizumab be an effective treatment for severe VOCID-19? A severe respiratory syndrome associated with pneumonia caused by a new coronavirus was identified in December 2019 (COVID-19), spread rapidly and became a global public health challenge. Approximately 25% of VOCID-19 patients have experienced serious complications, including acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARS), and have even progressed towards admission and death of an intensive care unit.
0	BACKGROUND: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) infected more than 4.4 million people and caused more than 300,000 deaths in part due to acute respiratory distress syndrome with propensity to disproportionately affect African-American and Hispanic communities. Patients with worse results had higher blood plasma levels of proinflammatory cytokines. Activation of vitamin D receptor expressed on immune cells was shown to directly reduce secretion of inflammatory cytokines, such as interleukin
4	PURPOSE: The 2019 Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) can cause an acute shortage of fans. Non-invasive, non-invasive, non-invasive airway pressure devices with spontaneous and temporal respiration (PAP ST bilevel) could provide invasive ventilation, but evidence of their effectiveness in this capacity is limited. We sought to assess the ability of PAP ST bilevel to perform invasive venting gas exchange in a healthy pig model. METHODS: Two single-member respiratory circuits with passive filter
6	2019 Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19), the infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2, is an aggressive disease that attacks the respiratory tract and has a higher mortality rate than seasonal influenza. The VOCID-19 pandemic is a global health crisis, and no specific treatment or medication has been officially recommended against SARS CoV-2 infection.
0	We describe a 55-year-old woman with severe idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension (mean pulmonary arterial pressure 71 mmHg, pulmonary vascular resistance 30 WU on diagnosis five months ago), who was diagnosed with SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) infection and had relatively mild treatment with common cold-like symptoms.
6	The clinical efficacy of tocilizumab treatment in severe and critical VOCID-19 patients. BACKGROUND: The main physiopathological basis of the 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19) causing respiratory failure is a cytokine storm and interleukin-6 (IL-6) is an important component of the cytokine storm VOCID-19. As a specific antagonist of IL-6, tocilizumab can block the cytokine storm of VOCID-19.
4	The Coronavirus pandemic largely alters our daily professional practice and preventive measures must be taken and taught. Prior to any planned gynaecological or obstetric surgery, specific techniques to safely install and remove personal protective equipment should be implemented in order to avoid contamination for patients and health workers.
4	Background: The 2019 Coronavirus infection (COVID-19) occurred in Wuhan in December 2019. With the spread of the virus, the global epidemic situation has become extremely serious, particularly in the United States, Spain and Italy. Due to a series of control measures, the epidemic situation in Wuhan has been mitigated to some extent, and this region has entered a post-pidemic period.
4	o Pediatric anaesthetists have an important role to play in the management of patients suspected or confirmed to have a VOCID-19. In many facilities, VOCID-19 intubation teams are equipped with anaesthetists as procedures working in all hospitals, also in intensive care and emergency services. As practitioners who carry out aerosol production procedures involving the airways, we are at high risk of exposure to SARS-CoV-2 and we need to ensure that we
4	• Orthopaedic services are used to relieve emergency services of orthopaedic problems, to redeploy staff to areas in need throughout the hospital system, and to provide direct care to patients with VOCID-19.
0	BACKGROUND: Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) infection with coronavirus 2 is characterized by an overwhelming cytokine response. Various treatment strategies have been attempted. METHODS AND RESULTS: A 61-year-old man with a heart transplant in 2017 presented with fever, cough and dyspnoea, and has been confirmed positive for the 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19).
0	In fact, we have recently observed that some VOCID-19 patients mechanically ventilated from severe ARDS (more than 14 days after invasive ventilation) have often experienced obvious progressive increases in CO2 emissions.
1	OBJECTIVES: Several serological immunological trials on SARS-CoV-2 have recently been developed but require external validation prior to widespread use. This study is intended to evaluate the analytical and clinical performance of the i-SARS-CoV-2 anti-SARS-CoV-2 chemiluminescence test for IgM and IgG antibodies. The kinetics of the antibody response has also been evaluated.
6	Evidence of cardiovascular complications associated with the global VOCID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, including direct and indirect myocardial lesions with subsequent acute myocardial ischemia and cardiac arrhythmia. Some results from a limited number of antiviral drug trials, as well as chloroquine/hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin, have been beneficial.
1	BACKGROUND: The recent Coronavirus pandemic 2019 (COVID-19) has imposed severe stress on health systems around the world, amplified by the critical shortage of VOCID-19 tests. METHODS: In this study, we propose to generate a more accurate VOCID-19 diagnostic model based on patient symptoms and routine test results by applying machine learning to reanalyze VOCID-19 data from 151 published studies.
4	The Coronavirus pandemic underscores the importance of e-health techniques to monitor patients at home. Home-based monitoring of lung function in asthma and cystic fibrosis (CF) can help to detect the deterioration of lung function at an early stage, but the reliability is unclear. We examined whether measurements of lung function at home were comparable to measurements during clinical visits. We analyzed prospective data from two one-year observational cohort studies in 117 children (36 with CF and 81 with asthma).
4	Several variables and practices influence the evolution and geographical spread of VOCID-19. Some of these variables relate to policy measures such as social distancing, quarantines for specific areas and the availability of tests. In this article, I analyse the effect that locking and testing policies have had on new contagions in Chile, in particular by focusing on the potential heterogeneity given by the characteristics of the population.
1	We describe the pragmatic strategies we have implemented to overcome the diagnostic barriers caused by local tuberculosis (TB) and HIV epidemics in South Africa, which can be used as a guide to minimize diagnostic delays during the VOCID-19 pandemic. We report the diagnostic utility of a rapid access lymphatic nucleus biopsy clinic, where lymph nodes biopsies are taken from
4	In order to minimize the negative effects of this unexpected epidemic on patients in need of radiation therapy, the expert group at our radiotherapy centre immediately formulated comprehensive emergency plans and prevention and control measures, shared the area of work, launched training in the field of radiation treatment, and developed a plan for the prevention and control of epidemics in radiotherapy centres during the outbreak of VOCID-19: Experiences of Sichuan Province. After the outbreak of VOCID-19, medical institutions in China and even around the world face unprecedented challenges. In order to minimize the negative effects of this unexpected epidemic on patients in need of radiation therapy, the expert group at our radiotherapy centre immediately formulated comprehensive emergency plans and prevention and control measures, shared the area of work, launched training in the field of radiation treatment.
4	The purpose of this document is to identify situations in which the air carrier is responsible for the transmission of VOCID-19 in air transportation. It should be noted here that the carrier's liability is the result of personal injury or death caused by an accident on board an aircraft or during boarding or disembarkation operations.
1	The recent outbreak of VOCID-19 has led to an unprecedented public health crisis, with millions of infections and hundreds of thousands of deaths worldwide. Using hospital data or mortality data, several risk factors for VOCID-19 have been identified, but these can be confused or biased. METHODS: Using SARS-CoV-2 infection test data (n = 4509 tests; 1325 positive) from Public Health England, related to the study
4	On 12 March 2020, the United Kingdom entered the "delay phase" of the response to the VOCID-19 pandemic. The Public Health England Emergency Department Syndromic Surveillance System (EDSSS) conducts daily (almost real-time) public health surveillance of emergency services (ED) across England, which was an observational retrospective analysis of EDSS data to describe changes in DE attendance in March-April 2020 and to identify the most impactful types of use.
4	As health professionals develop communication about health for the 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19), we urge that these communication approaches do not include calls for fear. The calls for fear, also known as fear tactics, have been widely used to promote recommended preventive behaviours. We argue that unexpected negative outcomes may result from calls for fear that intensify the already complex pandemic and efforts to contain it. We encourage public health professionals to reassess their desire to use calls for fear.
4	INTRODUCTION: Information on the effectiveness of personal protective equipment (PPE) to prevent infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) in health care workers, particularly in health care workers with frequent contact with SARS-CoV-2 patients, is limited. METHODS: We conducted a prospective cohort study of 49 health care workers who worked in close contact with SARS-CoV-2 patients.
4	OBJECTIVES: The new 2019 Coronavirus epidemic (COVID-19) that emerged in December 2019 has rapidly evolved over the past few months to become a global and ongoing pandemic. The lack of medical masks remains an unresolved problem. This study aims to study the filtration effectiveness (FE) of home-made masks that could be used as alternatives to community-based VOCID-19 mitigation.
0	The clinical spectrum of pulmonary thromboembolism in patients with coronavirus 2019 disease (COVID-19) pneumonia: a series of European cases. PURPOSE: Describe the clinical characteristics and results of coronavirus 2019 disease (COVID-19) associated with pulmonary thromboembolism (PTE). MATERIAL AND METHODS: a series of cases of five patients, representing the clinical spectrum of coronavirus thromboembolism associated with VOCID-19. Patients were admitted to four hospitals in Germany, Italy and Italy.
0	In this report, we discuss the case of a haemodialysis patient who has developed VOCID-19 pneumonia in the clinical course. In the case of Coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) pneumonia in a haemodialysis patient: a case report. RATIONALE: The new Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) causes new and atypical pneumonia that has brought enormous public health challenges around the world. There is little data on patients with end-stage renal disease who also suffer from VOCID-19. In this report, we discuss the case of a haemodialysis patient who has developed VOCID-19 pneumonia in the clinical course.
4	OBJECTIVE: Demonstrate the feasibility, reliability and value of remote visits to a Phase III clinical trial of people with Parkinson's disease. METHODS: We invited people with Parkinson's disease enrolled in a Phase III clinical trial (STEDY-PD III) to subscribe to a remote video sub-study.
4	IFS-ISAR-ACE Joint Recommendations on the Resumption/Opening of Assisted Reproductive Technology Services. VOCID-19 - A global challenge on a scale that has not been seen before. Reproductive care is essential for the well-being of society and therefore treatment needs to be completely rethought and individualized. Infectivity and mortality rates are higher than previous pandemics and disease is present in almost all countries.
4	SUBJECT: After the first cases of VOCID-19 occurred in Serbia, the state of emergency was declared on 15 March 2020 and lasted 54 days. The objective of this report is to compare the frequencies of orthopaedic fractures during this period, when walking was mainly restricted to the home, with those of the same part of the previous year with regular condition, in order to examine the stay at home as a factor influencing the frequency of different types of fracture.
4	OBJECTIVE: The coronavirus pandemic has led to a radically different way of working for many therapists who work with eating disorders, where telehealth has suddenly become the norm. However, many clinicians feel ill equipped to provide telehealth therapy, while adhering to evidence-based interventions. This article brings together clinicians' experiences on the issues that need to be addressed and how to address them in a telehealth setting.
6	Since then, sooner or later, we will all catch coronavirus. VOCID-19 is an emerging infectious disease that has turned into a pandemic. It spreads through the transmission of droplets of the new SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus. It is a RNA virus with a main surface protein with a significant sequence similarity with SARS-CoV that causes severe acute respiratory syndrome. The receptor binding domain of the advanced protein interacts with the human enzyme converting angiotensin 2 and
4	Management and reconfiguration of a department of radiology under the threat of the 2019 Coronavirus disease: Wuhan's experience. Corona's disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an emerging respiratory infectious disease caused by SARS-CoV-2, which took place for the first time in December 2019 in Wuhan, China. Today, in China, thorax MCT is used to diagnose VOCID-19, as an important complement to the reverse polymerase reaction test (RT-PCR).
4	Comment on Consstandt, B.; Thibaut, E.; De Bosscher, V.; Scheerder, J.; Ricour, M.; Willem, A. Exercise in Times of Lockdown: An Analysis of the Impact of VOCID-19 on Levels and Patterns of Exercise in Belgium. Int. J. Environ. Res. Public Health 2020, 17, 4144. Based on Consstandt et al. of 13 515 Belgium
4	The global pandemic of VOCID-19 has had a significant impact on the practice of Applied Behaviour Analysis (ABA). Practitioners and caregivers have had to adapt quickly as the guidelines on physical distancing, home-based residence orders and shelters in place have become commonplace. As the ground is facing the changes brought about by the VOCID-19 epidemic, many behavioural analysis practitioners seek advice from regulatory agencies to ensure that they practice legally and ethically.
4	While many governments around the world have implemented extreme containment and mitigation strategies to slow the spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2), the number of seriously ill patients and deaths continues to increase, which has highlighted the socio-economic disparities in health care systems within and between countries.
4	The risk factors associated with the occurrence of VOCID-19 in patients exposed to confirmed VOCID-19 patients in Qingdao Municipal, China. Identification and isolation of close contacts are used to control outbreaks of coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) in China. However, the risk factors associated with the occurrence of VOCID-19 in close contacts have not been well described.
4	Since Coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) has been identified as a global pandemic, health systems have been heavily under pressure, particularly affecting vulnerable populations such as cancer patients. In response to the VOCID-19 pandemic, various oncology societies make recommendations for standards of care. These varying standards and gaps in standards can lead to inconsistent and heterogeneous care between governments, cancer centres and even between oncologists in the same practice.
4	Background: The outbreak of Coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) has posed a significant threat to many countries. Since the disease does not currently have a specific treatment, it is imperative to find alternatives to dominate its expansion. In this rapid review, we have sought to determine the public responses of some countries to the VOCID-19 epidemic. Methods: In this study, academic databases, including MEDLINE, Scopus and Embase, have been studied. The keywords applied in the research strategy in addition to the names of each country
6	The Bacillus Calmette-Guerin vaccine (BCG vaccine) designed to prevent tuberculosis in children has resulted in an adaptive immune response in the body to fight bacteria as well as other parasites and viruses. This knowledge has been reciprocal to generate the idea that this vaccine can also offer protection against severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-COV-2) coronavirus-2.
0	Two patients with respiratory insufficiency due to confirmed VOCID-19 were examined using bedside pulmonary ultrasound (LUS) shortly after intubation and initiation of invasive ventilation. In the first patient, LUS revealed extensive alectic areas. A recruitment manoeuvre was applied, resulting in some reaeration of areas with atelectase, and some improvement in oxygenation was observed.
4	THE PURPOSE OF THE REVIEW: To highlight the lessons learned from the Ebola epidemic that could inform our approach to the VOCID-19 pandemic, particularly with regard to widespread disruptions in health care, manifestations of ophthalmic diseases and strengthening health systems vision for future epidemics. RECENT FINDINGS: Coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19), first detected in China in December 2019, has become a global health emergency, with significant disruptions in all aspects of the epidemic.
3	Ginkgolic acid inhibits the fusion of wrapped viruses. Ginkgolic acids (GA) are alkylephenol constituents of leaves and fruits of Ginkgo biloba. AG has shown pleotropic effects in vitro, including: antitumour effects by inhibition of lipogenesis; decreased protein expression associated with invasion by activation of KMP; and potential rescue of amyloid beta (Abeta) induces synaptic alteration
1	The objective of this study was to assess the analytical performance, sensitivity and specificity of two rapid tests (Covid-Presto(R) rapid test Covid-19 IgG/IgM and NG-Test(R) IgM-IgG VOCID-19) and an automated immunoassay (Abbott SARS-CoV-2 Ig
0	SUBJECT: The VOCID-19 epidemic affects people around the world. Many infected patients have respiratory involvement that may evolve into acute respiratory distress syndrome. This pilot study was designed to evaluate the clinical effectiveness of low-dose radiation therapy in whole lungs in patients with pneumonia VOCID-19. METHODS AND MATERIALS: In this clinical trial in Iran, we enrolled patients with VOCID-19 over 60 years of age and hospitalized to receive additional oxygen for their documented pneumonia.
4	BACKGROUND: Deaths due to the VOCID-19 pandemic result directly from the infection and exacerbation of other diseases and indirectly from the postponement of care for other diseases, and are modelled socially and geographically. We quantified excess mortality in England and Wales during the pandemic, for all causes and for deaths not associated with VOCID-19. METHODS: Weekly mortality data for England and Wales from January 1, 2010 to May 1, 2020.
1	INTRODUCTION: The rapid transmission of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 has affected the world and forced it to stop (locking). A fast and label-free detection method for the new coronavirus should be developed along with current enzyme-related immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) methods based on coronavirus.
3	The high variability in people's symptomatic responses to viral infections, as illustrated by the current VOCID-19 pandemic, indicates the potential to moderate the severity of RTI morbidity.
4	We evaluated viral suppression and retention in care before and after telemedicine, in response to shelter warrants in place, in a large urban HIV clinic. Probability of viral non-deletion was 31% higher post-hospital in place (95% confidence interval = 1.08-1.53) despite stable retention in care and volume of visits, with disproportionate impact
4	OBJECTIVES: To summarize the emergency management of renal transplantation for a major first-class tertiary hospital in response to the 2019 Coronavirus epidemic (COVID-19). METHODS: Clinical data from patients hospitalized in the kidney transplant department from January 24, 2020 to February 29, 2020 have been retrospectively analyzed. Since the outbreak of VOCID-19, we have conducted the telephone, Wechat follow-up and online education for renal transplant recipients and patients on waiting list for renal transplantation one by one.
4	Background: VOCID-19 is a potentially deadly coronavirus pandemic transmitted by droplets that hit the world in 2020. WHO recommended that social distancing and contact between humans be discouraged to control transmission. It has put many countries in a state of lock-up and sporting events (including the 2020 Olympic Games) have been affected. Participation in sports and exercise, generally considered healthy activities, has also been discussed. Local professional football leagues, governed by the Hong Kong Football Association,
6	Despite the continued progress and development of neonatal medicine, neonatal sepsis is the third leading cause of neonatal mortality and a major public health problem, particularly in developing countries.Septicemia represents the death rate of nearly 50 per cent of children under the age of five worldwide.Over the past 50 years, much progress has been made in the diagnosis, prevention and treatment of neonatal infections.
6	The new coronavirus disease, which affects about 9 million people in the last five months and causes more than 460,000 deaths worldwide, is quite new for humanity. More than 2,000 research projects registered at ClinTrials.gov aim to find effective treatments for rapid transfer to clinical practice. Unfortunately, some studies have a sufficiently valid design to provide reliable information for clinical practice.
4	In these unprecedented times, OMFS surgeons are faced with dilemmas about treatment priority, staff safety, patient safety and the most appropriate use of available resources. Efforts must be made to provide the best evidence-based care, which means revisiting old techniques and the risks of patient stratification on a case-by-case basis. The recent experience of international colleagues has shown that even the richest health care infrastructure is at best fragile.
4	During the VOCID-19 pandemic, breast imaging must be performed using safe practices. The balance between avoiding delays in the diagnosis of breast cancer while avoiding infection requires special attention to personal protective equipment and physical distancing and vigilance to maintain these practices. The Canadian Breast Imaging Society/Canadian Association of Radiologists for Breast Imaging during VOCID-19 guidance is provided based on priority based on breast cancer risk and the impact of treatment delay.
4	The impact of Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) Outbreak on acute admissions in emergency departments and cardiology across Europe. PURPOSE: We assessed whether the coronavirus 2 pandemic (SARS-COV-2) of severe acute respiratory syndrome was associated with changes in the configuration of acute cardiovascular admissions in European centres. METHODS: We have established a multi-centre, multi-national and pan-European observation log in 15 centres in 12 countries. All acute admissions consecutive in
4	INTRODUCTION: The SARScoV-2 coronavirus crisis causing VOCID-19 is testing health systems around the world. In a great effort to standardize management and treatment guidelines, the various health authorities and scientific associations have tried to make recommendations on how to act in this complex new scenario. OBJECTIVE: Summarize existing evidence and recommendations on urological emergency surgery during the VOCID-19 pandemic. In addition, we propose a general protocol of action for these patients.
4	· Impact of VOCID-19 on liver transplantation in Europe: warning of an early survey by the European Liver and Intestinal Transplant Association and the European Liver Transplant Registry. There is little data on the impact of the VOCID-19 pandemic on liver transplantation (LT) in Europe. The objective of this study was to obtain preliminary data on the incidence, management and results of VOCID-19 in liver transplant recipients and applicants in Europe.
0	At the time of this pandemic, the diagnosis of other life-threatening diseases could delay treatment. The Food and Drug Administration recently approved the first antibody-based test for VOCID-19; however, RT-PCR for nasopharyngeal
4	BACKGROUND: Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) has spread to almost every country in the world since its appearance in China in December 2019. Many countries have implemented social distancing as a measure to "flatten the curve" of ongoing epidemics. Assessment of the impact of the social distan imposed by the government
0	On December 31, 2019, the first case of VOCID-19 was reported in Wuhan. A public health emergency of international interest was declared on January 30, 2020 and the first case in Scotland on March 2. The effect of VOCID-19 appears to be less in the paediatric population and there are fewer cases reported in the literature compared to the adult population. Here, we report a case of a 5-week-old child with increased fever and drowsiness. There was no known contact with ill-healthy people.
4	The Impact of the Covid-19 Pandemic on Domestic Violence: The Dark Side of Family Isolation during the Quarantine. Domestic violence is a global public health problem. It takes many forms and has significant physical and psychological consequences for the victim and the whole family. Situations that can cause episodes of domestic violence include stress, emotional disappointment, economic factors, poor and cramped housing, and alcohol or drug abuse.
0	INTRODUCTION: Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) is a new virus that causes a pandemic in 2020. Although symptomatic patients infected with SARS CoV-2 generally show respiratory distress, atypical manifestations such as conjunctivitis are also observed.
4	The extraordinary demands of the management of the VOCID-19 pandemic have disrupted the global capacity to care for patients with chest tumours. As the VOCID-19 population increases and hospital resources are exhausted, the ability to provide surgical care is progressively restricted, forcing surgeons to prioritize among their cancer populations.
2	Today, exploring the complex dynamics of epidemic models becomes a central focus of research after the outbreak of the VOCID-19 pandemic, which has not yet fully approved vaccine or drug treatment. Therefore, the complex dynamics of a sensitive-infected model (SI) of VOCID-19 with multi-drug resistance (MDR) and its fractional counterpart are being investigated. The existence of a positive solution in the fractional order model is being discussed.
4	OBJECTIVES: We sought to characterize the results of patients with haematological malignancy and severe infection with acute respiratory syndrome 2 coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) in the hospitals of our regional network of 7 hospitals. METHODS: consecutive hospital patients with haematological malignancy and infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome 2 coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) were identified from 01/03/2020 to 06/05/2020.
4	BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The intraaortic balloon pump (IBP) is the most widely available device for short-term circulatory mechanical support, often used to wean the cardiopulmonary bridge or associated with an oxygenation support of extracorporal membranes or as a bridge to a left ventricular device. Although it is based on a relatively simple principle, its complex interaction with the cardiovascular system remains difficult and open to debate.
4	The maintenance of high quality care for urological patients is a challenge during and after the 2019 Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19). We observe an increasing volume of elective visits postponed to our tertiary hospital, maintaining the risk of deterioration of non-emergency diseases. As it is difficult to know how long the pandemic will last, we propose to implement telehealth as a solution to provide regular monitoring of symptoms consistent with the guidelines for social distancing during the pandemic and beyond.
4	SUBJECT: We report a 2019 Coronavirus outbreak (COVID-19) in adolescents in a hospitalized behavioural health facility that was identified within 5 weeks of the known viral transmission in the surrounding community. METHODS: Clinical records were reviewed for all patients under 18 years of age with laboratory-confirmed VOCID-19 between March 23 and April 21, 2020. RESULTS: A total of 19 VOCID-19-positive patients aged 11-17 years were identified.
4	VOCID-19 exit strategy: Transition to normal news. The SARS-CoV-2 virus outbreak of VOCID-19 shockes us with its rapid transmission and deadly complications. Because of this, the movement restriction has been applied to contain this pandemic. Recently, there is increasing pressure to revive and revive the social and economic sectors, and to allow people to return to work. This must be well planned before the movement restriction is lifted.
0	OBJECTIVES: Describe the risk factors and results after myoclonus in a cohort of patients with 2019 Coronavirus disease. DESIGN: Multicentre case series. SETING: Three tertiary care hospitals in Massachusetts, Georgia and Virginia. PATIENTS: Eight patients with clinical myoclonus as part of 2019 Coronavirus disease. INTERVENTIONS AND MEASURES AND MAIN RESULTS: Results in myoclonus patients were variable, with a deceased patient
6	The physicochemical properties of SARS-CoV-2 for virus targeting, inactivation and mitigation, vaccine formulation and quality control are discussed. The material properties of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) and its proteins are examined.
5	The vertical transmission of Coronavirus 19 disease (COVID-19) from pregnant mothers infected with newborns: a review. Background: Since the beginning of December 2019, Coronavirus 19 infection (COVID-19) has been widespread in China and has finally spread to other countries. There are a few published cases of VOCID-19 occurring during pregnancy and due to the possibility of vertical mother-foetal transmission, there is concern that the fetuses are at risk of congenital VOCID-19. Methods: We examined the risk of transmission of Coronavirus 19 disease (COVID-19) from pregnant mothers infected with newborns.
4	In the Loreto region, where malaria cases are concentrated, VOCID-19 has led to the almost complete closure of the primary health care system, as well as the diagnosis and treatment of diseases.
0	Coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) is an infectious disease that primarily affects the respiratory system, but it can cause cardiovascular complications such as thromboembolism. Rarely, pulmonary embolism can be encountered in patients with a serious infection with VOCID-19, particularly in intensive care units. A young asymptomatic case of VOCID-19 with sudden death due to acute massive pulmonary embolism has not been described previously.
4	BACKGROUND: The situation of coronavirus (COVID-19) requires a lot of citizens, health care providers and government institutions. Citizens are faced with the guidelines on social interaction, work, home isolation and symptom recognition, and health care providers and decision makers are faced with unprecedented and unpredictable pressure on the health care system they need to manage.
4	The impact of the weather on the VOCID-19 pandemic in Turkey. The coronavirus pandemic, which has many global implications, has led people to believe that nothing will be as before. This study is dominated by studies on determining the factors that affect, taking preventive action and seeking effective treatment as a priority. Weather parameters are among the crucial factors affecting infectious diseases. This study examines the correlation between weather and coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) by considering nine cities in Turkey. In this regard, temperature (
4	Since the outbreak of VOCID-19, Wuhan has adopted three methods of patient admission for treatment: designated hospitals, newly constructed temporary hospitals and sheltered hospitals in Fanggang. It has been demonstrated that the conversion of major public places such as stadiums and exposure centres into sheltered hospitals in Fanggang, which serve as hospitals for the isolation, treatment and surveillance of diseases of patients with mild symptoms, is the most effective means of controlling virus transmission and reducing mortality.
6	The proposed intranasal pathway for the administration of drugs as part of the management of Central Nervous System manifestations of VOCID-19 is increasingly evident, particularly in serious cases. Up to 25% of cases of VOCID-19 have neurological manifestations associated with VOCID-19. Given the devastating nature of the disease due to the severe acute respiratory syndrome 2 coronavirus, we are discussing the administration of intranasal drugs, in addition to intravenous administration, as a therapeutic strategy in the management of VOC cases.
4	When a patient in emergency care is diagnosed with an emerging infectious disease, Korean hospitals may temporarily close their emergency services (ED) to prevent nosocomial transmission. Since February 2020, several consecutive closures of ED have occurred due to the 2019 Coronavirus crisis (COVID-19) in Daegu. However, sudden closures of ED are in contravention of the laws for the provision of emergency medical care that allow
4	BACKGROUND: The Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) is a global health emergency with more than 6 million cases worldwide in early June 2020. The pandemic is of historical significance and precedent given its emergence in an increasingly digital era. It is important to note that concerns have been expressed about the accuracy of the VOCID-19 case accounts due to problems such as lack of access to tests and difficulty in measuring recoveries.
4	In order to clarify the impact of the VOCID-19 pandemic on in-hospital management and outcomes for ST segment myocardial infarction patients (STEMI) anywhere, we have registered consecutive STEMI patients who visited Fuwai Hospital from January to March 2020 (N=73) and established a historical control including:
1	BACKGROUND: VOCID-19 is an infectious disease caused by a new coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2). Immunopathogenesis of infection is currently unknown. Health care workers (HCWs) are the most at risk of infection and disease. The objective of the study was to assess the seroprevalence of SARS-CoV-2 in an Italian cohort of health care workers exposed to VOCID-19 patients.
4	In this article, we will discuss this issue of a dermatological aspect. In addition, we will discuss the following issues: "Croonavirus days in dermatology. Severe acute respiratory syndrome-corona virus-2, which causes the 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19), is very contagious and a particularly popular problem worldwide and also in all departments of each hospital. In order to protect the well-being of health care providers while providing a sufficient workforce to respond to the VOCID-19 are essential for pandemic planning.
0	In Wuhan, China, an epidemic of pneumonia associated with severe acute respiratory coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) has begun, with cases now confirmed in several countries. The clinical course of patients remains to be fully characterized, the clinical presentation ranges from asymptomatic infection to acute respiratory distress syndrome and acute renal failure, and there is still no proven pharmacological therapy of efficacy.
0	Aspergillosis Subacute "Fungic Balls" Complicant VOCID-19. Coronavirus-2 infection of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2), commonly known as VOCID-19 (coronavirus-2019), has started in Wuhan district in Hubei province, China. It is considered one of the worst pandemics, which has consumed both human life and the global economy. VOCID-19 infection mainly affects the lungs triggering hypoxemic respiratory failure
0	A 62-year-old female with VOCID-19 developed acute respiratory failure and cardiogenic shock as part of a systemic hyper-inflammatory state and an apparent myocardial infarction of ST elevation. Cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (CMR) showed fulminant acute myocarditis with severe left ventricular dysfunction. Treatment with recombinant interleukin-1 antagonist (IL-1) anakinra and dexamethasone
4	VOCID-19, Virtual Church Services and a New Temporary Geography of Home. The pandemic of VOCID-19 and subsequent locking measures implemented by the United Kingdom government from 23 March 2020 led to unprecedented adaptations of individuals and communities, including places of worship, their clergy and congregations. This document, through a multidisciplinary dialogue between human geography and theology, explores the relationships between place, space and spiritual. It identifies the mechanisms of DIY that were quickly developed by churches to pass through
4	SUBJECT: The purpose of the study was to assess pain, functional insufficiency, mental health and daily activity in patients with terminal hip and knee osteoarthritis (PAO) during the containment of VOCID-19. METHODS: The study included 63 patients with hip or knee arthroplasty who had been reported due to VOCID-19.
6	In the last two decades, outbreaks of fatal coronaviruses have occurred three times (SARS-CoV in 2002, MERS-CoV in 2012 and SARS-CoV-2 in 2019). Much more severe than SARS-CoV in 2002, the current SARS-CoV-2 infection has spread to more than 213 countries, regions or territories and has caused more than two million cases to date (17
0	2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has emerged as a pandemic and a public health crisis around the world. With its high infectivity and rapid spread, the severity of the disease is increasing in some populations, especially in patients with pre-existing cardiovascular diseases. In developing countries, infectious endocarditis remains a problem in patients with rheumatic heart disease.
0	VOCID-19 Delirium with Psychosis: A Case Report. VOCID-19 generally presents as severe pneumonia often requiring intubation and management of the ICU. Descriptions of potential neurological symptoms in this state of illness exist, but minimal research has been conducted on the prevalence of delirium. This case report describes a patient without a psychiatric history who has developed psychotic symptoms in the context of acute VOCID-19 delirium. Clinicians should consider VOCID-19 in their differential diagnosis with any patient with psychotic symptoms, even in the context of acute VOCID-19 delirium.
4	The 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) is causing considerable damage worldwide. The Republic of Korea (ROK), a nation heavily dependent on exports, is a leader in the fight against the VOCID-19 pandemic and is responding well to the disaster.
4	Reimbursement is a major challenge for many new digital health solutions, the importance and value of which have been highlighted and developed by the current pandemic of VOCID-19. The new German Digital Health Care Act (Digitale-Versorgung-Gesetz or DVG) allows all persons covered by legal health insurance to repay for certain digital health applications (i.e. insurers will pay for their use).
0	2019 Coronavirus disease was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020. There is a scarcity of data on the brain imaging characteristics related to the 2019 Coronavirus disease. We present 5 cases that illustrate presentations of varied imaging of acute encephalopathy in patients with 2019 Coronavirus disease. The characteristics of MR include leukoencephalopathy, the diffusion restriction that involves GM and WM, microhemorrhage, and lep
4	Saudi Arabia, like many other countries around the world, has put in place the locking of most public and private services in response to the pandemic and has established restrictions on the movement of the population at the national level. With the implementation of these strict mitigation regulations, technology and digital solutions have enabled the provision of essential services. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this document is to highlight how Saudi Arabia used digital technology during the VOCID-19 pandemic in the areas of public health, health services.
4	OBJECTIVE: The scientific literature on coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is extensive, but little written on the role of emergency medical services (EMS). The objective of this study is to describe the role of Magen David Adom (MDA), Israel's national emergency pre-hospital medical organization, in the pre-exposure period, before widespread government action.
4	INTRODUCTION: This document is in addition to the series of systematic reviews of early life, which began in April 2020, to provide the rehabilitation community with updates on the latest scientific literature on rehabilitation needs due to the VOCID-19 pandemic. The objective of this document is to present the results of systematic scientific research conducted on published documents from April 1 to 30, 2020.
4	The European Commission has asked mobile network operators to voluntarily share anonymised and aggregated mobile data in order to improve the quality of pandemic modelling and forecasting at EU level. In fact, EU-wide mobility data can help to understand the dynamics of the pandemic and possibly limit the impact of future waves.
1	This study examined the clinical and imaging characteristics of patients with coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) with false-negative nucleic acids. Patients with mild to moderate VOCID-19, including 19 cases of false-negative patients with nucleic acid and 31 cases of positive patients with nucleic acid, were included. Their epidemiological, clinical and laboratory examination data and imaging characteristics were analyzed. Risk factors for false negatives were discussed.
6	Ruxolitinib rapidly reduces acute respiratory distress syndrome in VOCID-19 disease. Analysis of the RESPIRE protocol data collection. Background: The Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) causes millions of infections and hundreds of thousands of deaths worldwide.
4	The rapid increase in the 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19), the limited availability of personal protective equipment, and uncertainties about the modes of transmission of severe acute respiratory syndrome (ARS) coronavirus-2 have increased the safety concerns of health care workers. Systematic occupational risk studies for VOCID-19 in the context of community risks are difficult and have only begun to be reported recently. Ongoing quality improvement studies in various locations and in many affected health facilities are needed.
4	SARS-CoV-2 has been circulating in northern Italy since December 2019: evidence of environmental monitoring. Coronavirus 2 of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) is responsible for the disease of the coronavirus VOCID-19, a public health emergency worldwide, and Italy is one of the most seriously affected countries. The first Italian indigenous case of VOCID-19 was documented on February 21, 2020.
4	[The use of facial masks: information updated after Covid-19].. The use of facial masks: information updated after Covid-19. The preventive spread of infections to and from health care workers and patients is based on the effective use of personal protective equipment. During the Covid-19 epidemic, various, often contradictory, indications were given, based on the evolution of knowledge about the mechanism of spread of the virus.
4	The VOCID-19 pandemic requires the implementation of exposure control measures in all facets of the health sector. Health professionals working in occupied ophthalmology clinics and theatres are among the most at risk of contracting VOCID-19. The authors examine the current scientific evidence of SARS-CoV-2 transmission to demystify and explain the exposure control options available for ophthalmic workplaces and provide information from an industrial hygiene perspective.
4	The overall impact of the VOCID-19 pandemic has led to the rapid development and use of mobile health applications that meet the unmet needs of public health and public health systems, including the search for contacts, the dissemination of health information, the verification of symptoms and the provision of tools for the training of health care providers. Here, we provide an overview of the mobile applications currently used for VOCID-19 and their evaluation using the mobile application evaluation scale. We conducted a systematic review of the literature and mobile platforms.
4	OBJECTIVE: Assess the impact of the pandemic on surgical activity and the occurrence and characteristics of Covid-19 in a Covid-free urological unit in a regional hospital in northern Italy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Our department is the only urological service in the province of Trento, near Lombardy, the epicentre of Covid-19 in our country. We examined surgical and curative activities during the 4 weeks
4	Since 1980, the world has been threatened by various waves of epidemics of emerging diseases: in the twenty-first century, these diseases have become a growing global concern because of their effects on health and the economy in both developed and resource-limited countries; it is difficult to stop the occurrence of new pathogens in the future because of the interconnection between humans, animals and the environment; however, it is possible to cope with a new disease or to reduce the risk of its spread by establishing better early warning systems and ensuring control and control.
4	Background: The new 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is considered to be the most serious threat to global health in recent times. As there is currently a lack of approved treatments and vaccines, universal safety precautions (USP) must be taken to deal with this emergency. Purpose: The objective of this study was to assess the knowledge and beliefs of the Indian public about USP during the VOCID-19 pandemic.
1	The purpose of this article is to report on the usefulness of calculated tomography (CT) to detect cases of unsuspected coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) and the usefulness of the North American Radiological Society (RSNA)/Toracic Radiology Society (TSR)/American College of Radiology (STR)
4	The Canadian Society of Clinical Neurophysiologists, the Canadian Association of Electro-Europhysics Technologists, the Canadian Association of Electro-myography Technologists of Canada, the Canadian Electro-myography Technologists Board of Canada and the Canadian Electro-encephalography Technologist Registration Board have combined to review current publications on the VOCID-19 pandemic.
4	The effectiveness of the locking measures against VOCID-19: a cross-country panel analysis. BACKGROUND: The effectiveness of the locking measures containing VOCID-19 has been the subject of much debate, and their relevance given the economic and social costs involved. To our knowledge, no existing contribution to the literature has attempted to assess the effectiveness of the locking measures over time from a longitudinal cross-country perspective. OBJECTIVES: This document aims to close the gap in the literature by assessing, at the international level, the effectiveness of the locking measures against VOCID-19.
4	However, the emergence of the new coronavirus, VOCID-19, has accelerated conversations to ensure that cancer patients can continue to undergo cancer treatments in a timely manner while minimizing their risk of exposure and infection with VOCID-19. Anti-infusion at home has been proposed as a potential solution and continues to grow momentum among health care facilities and third-party payers.
1	In January 2020, we met the first news of a new coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) infecting the Chinese city of Wuhan and causing some patients potentially fatal pneumonia. Currently, the 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is spreading rapidly around the world. For many years, we have been warned that we will be facing a new pandemic, most probably with a zoonotic virus.
4	OBJECTIVE/HYPOTHESIS: Review of published literature on the use of telemedicine in otorhinolaryngology (ORL), highlights its successful implementation, and documents areas requiring future research. STUDY DESIGN: State of the Art Review. METHODS: Three independent and comprehensive research studies of published articles on telemedicine in the ORL were carried out on the literature available from January 2000 to April 2020. The terms of the research were designed to identify studies.
1	Coronavirus disease (nCOVID-19) is the most difficult problem in the world. The disease is caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-COV-2) coronavirus, causing high morbidity and mortality worldwide. The study shows that infected patients have distinct radiographic visual characteristics, as well as fever, dry cough, fatigue, dyspnoea, etc.
4	OBJECTIVE: To investigate the possibility of eye involvement in infectious coronavirus (nCoV 2019) and life-saving preventive measures in the field of ophthalmology. METHODS: All studies that have been most relevant for eye involvement and transmission routes 2019-nCoV, particularly in the field of ophthalmology, have been thoroughly examined. RESULTS: From an eye point of view, conjunctivitis can be the first present symptom of 2019-n
4	In our first transplant centre survey in March 2020, more than 75% of kidney and liver programs were suspended or operated under restrictions. To safely resume transplantation, we need to understand the evolutionary impact of VOCID-19 on transplant recipients and practices at the centre level. Therefore, we conducted a follow-up survey of six weeks 7-15 May 2020 and linked responses to the VOCID-19 incidence map with a response rate of 84%.
6	Since its emergence in China in December 2019, VOCID-19 has spread rapidly around the world, causing a pandemic. Immunization or the development of herd immunity seems to be the only way to slow down the spread of the virus; however, both are not feasible in the near future. Therefore, effective treatments to alleviate the burden of this pandemic and reduce mortality rates are urgently needed.
4	In my facility, we had the chance to have enough personal protective equipment (PPE) and we are well protected when entering the room environment. However, the wearing of the PPE is uncomfortable and he is willing to leave the patient's room. The staff then met at the nursing station and in the offices, where it is impossible to observe social isolation.
4	OBJECT: To determine the impact of the Coronavirus 2019 pandemic (COVID-19) on the volume, indications and results of CT heads in the emergency department (ED) of Canadian tertiary academic centres in Ontario. METHODS: A retrospective review of consecutive CT head reviews commissioned through ED during the early stages of the VOCID-19 pandemic in Canada (March 12, April 8, 2020) was conducted and compared to that conducted during the pre-COVID-19 period (February 19).
4	Introduction: The Covid-19 pandemic triggered unprecedented national regulations aimed primarily at slowing down the spread of the virus. The objective of this study was to describe the effect of this regulation on the number and severity of trauma submissions to a regional emergency department at Kwa-Zulu Natal. Methods: A retrospective cohort study of the Emergency Service Triage Registry at Edendale Hospital was conducted, comparing all trauma submissions in April 2020 with those of the previous two.
1	Background: The third fatal coronavirus is the new coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) that causes pneumonia to the new coronavirus (COVID-19) that first erupted in December 2019. Patients will develop rapidly if there is no intervention, so that the risk identification of severe patients is critical. The objective of this study was to study the characteristics and rules of hematology changes in patients with VOCID-19, and to explore the possibility of distinguishing moderate and severe patients from those who are not.
6	A critical assessment of glucocorticoids in the management of severe VOCID-19. SARS-CoV-2 viral infection has irrevocably altered the lives of the majority of human beings, challenging national health systems around the world, and prompting researchers to quickly find appropriate prevention and treatment strategies. No effective therapy has been demonstrated with the exception of dexamethasone, a glucocorticoid that has recently proven to be the first life-saving drug in this disease.
6	Description: In France, the combination of hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) and azithromycin (AZ) is used in the treatment of VOCID-19. METHODS: We report retrospectively on 1061 patients tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 treated for at least three days with the following treatment: HCQ (200 mg three times a day for 10 days) + AZ (500 mg on day 1 followed by
4	The current coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) illustrates this global situation. The sudden increase in demand for care delivery systems places unique pressures on pre-established care pathways, which require effective tools for intelligent governance and resource allocation. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study is to develop an innovative web-based solution to the apparent insurer.
6	Most researchers are currently focusing on developing treatment strategies and measures to control VOCID-19. VOCID-19-specific treatment strategies are lacking. This paper provides an overview of the life-cycle and transmission pathways of SARS-CoV-2. The therapeutic effects of two drugs (i.e., remdesivir (RDV) and favipiravir (FPV)) that can potentially attack CO.
4	A national inventory survey provides a synthesis of knowledge. The survey distributed 31 questions in 2019. 147 responses were received (75% of biologists, 49% of CHU, 42% of CHG). Only 20.41% are ISO22870 accredited, the majority for <50% of medical services; 70% say they go there at the end of 2019 or 2020. Maps are unknown for 32% (EBMD) and 8
4	In recent years, media and social networks have played an important role in the dissemination of public health information. During the VOCID-19 epidemic, misinformation and false news have been an important issue that has created confusion and insecurity among the population. In our analysis, we examine the role of the media as a critical component of the SARS-CoV-2 epidemic that has influenced public perception of risk.
4	Introduction: The 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) has significantly affected health care systems around the world. In many hospitals and health care facilities, health care services and workers have been reorganized and restructured to meet the demands of the pandemic. The impact of the pandemic on hospital pharmacists and their ability to provide pharmaceutical care is currently unknown. Purpose: This study was designed to explore the impact of VOCID-19.
4	The first effects of the 2019 Coronavirus disease on head and neck oncology and the practice of microvascular reconstruction: a national survey of oral and maxillofacial surgeons enrolled in the special interest group of the head and neck. PURPOSE: The 2019 Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) has affected health systems across the country. The objective of this study is to measure the first effects of the VOCID-19 pandemic on the practice of head and neck oncology.
0	2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) was first reported in December 2019. In three months, the virus caused a global pandemic that affected the dynamics of the world. Many causes of death due to VOCID-19 infection were identified, involving, but not limited to, atypical acute respiratory distress syndrome, hypercoagulability, renal failure, and a proinflammatory cytokine storm, often associated with multi-organ insufficiency.
6	The rapid and global spread of a new human coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) has created an immediate urgency to discover promising targets for the treatment of VOCID-19. Repositioning drugs is an attractive approach that can facilitate the drug discovery process by repurposing existing pharmaceuticals to treat diseases other than their main indications. Here, we examine current information on the global health issue of VOCID-19, including promising approved drugs and ongoing clinical trials for possible treatment options.
4	BACKGROUND: Teledermatology is an alternative medical science that evaluates the patient's clinical information over a distance without requiring a face-to-face examination. Due to VOCID-19, social distancing has become important these days, and teledermatology can help physicians and patients overcome barriers to access to health care.AIM: In this study, we want to assess how dermatologists in our country have seen and experienced teledermatology during the pandemic through investigations.
4	The changing preferences of patients and doctors in the non-surgical treatment of hair loss. BACKGROUND: There are multiple etiologies for thinning and hair loss, including genetics, hormonal, immune, scary, and infectious. The treatment of hair loss involves both surgical intervention and non-surgical therapies such as pharmaceuticals, hair care products, vitamins and low-level laser therapy (LLLT).
4	OBJECTIVES: We sought to compare the prevalence of asymptomatic coronavirus 19 (COVID-19) among clinical personnel in designated units of VOCID-19 with that of personnel in similar units without known or suspected patients of VOCID-19. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional survey of health workers (HCW) in eight Israeli general hospitals. The survey included a questionnaire and a PCR.
6	The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) cautioned against the use of hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine for Covid-19 outside a hospital or clinical trial environment because of the risk of QT prolongation, ventricular tachycardia, and the increased risk of these complications when associated with certain antibiotics such as azithromycin.
4	Health care providers are facing a coronavirus pandemic that can last for many months, with a focus on the Canadian health care system in a way that has not been seen before. It is essential to keep health care providers safe, healthy and available to work throughout this pandemic. The continued use of appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) will help ensure the availability and safety of health care providers.
1	The characteristics of patients with coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) have been described primarily in inpatient adults. The characterization of VOCID-19 in outpatient care is necessary to better understand the evolution of its epidemiology. Our objective is to provide a description of demographic data, co-morbidities, clinical presentation and social factors in non-inpatient confirmed adults SARS-CoV-2. We conducted a retrospective medical record.
4	A brief history of medical uniforms: from ancient history to the period VOCID-19. Medical uniforms date back to medieval times. Nursing uniforms were based on nuns' clothes while doctors used the famous "plague" and black "frock" coats of about 15th at the beginning of the 19th century. In the second half of the 19th century medical uniforms began to change. Nursing uniforms gradually lost their similarities with religious outfits. Doctors began to use white clothes. With a great emphasis on hygiene.
4	While the current VOCID-19 pandemic continues to wreak havoc on human health and national economies, advocates of nature protection struggle to prevent the wrong persecution of bats, which are unjustly responsible for the spread of the disease. Although on a global scale, these persecutions are relatively rare, even a few wrong actions can cause irrevocable damage to already vulnerable species. Here, we rely on the latest psychological findings, to explain why some conservation messages can reinforce misleading negative associations.
4	Description: The Florida Initiative for Home Visits to Mothers, Infants and Early Childhood (MIECHV) funds perinatal home visits for pregnant women and families with infants across the state.
4	In response to the great challenges facing society, professors have unique opportunities to make changes, to re-use their expertise to deploy relevant, timely, practical and research-supported knowledge for community improvement. Building on a scholarship on post-crisis organization, entrepreneurial agitation and social entrepreneurship, we provide a real-time case description of a three-day virtual "blitz" organized in response to the VOCID-19 crisis. The event was organized and executed.
4	The transition from objectively structured practical examination (OSPE) to the electronic OSPE at the time of VOCID-19. The coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) requires medical educators to innovate and adopt the online education and evaluation platform. One of the most important challenges we face is the formative evaluation of practical skills in teaching undergraduate medical biochemistry. We designed the objectively structured electronic practical examination to facilitate formative evaluation.
4	The closed operating room (RO) environment with aerosol-generating respiratory tract management procedures increases the risk of transmission of infection among anaesthetists and other OR personnel. The complete and fluid-proof personal protective equipment (PPE) for airway procedures is recommended.
4	Background: The VOCID-19 pandemic requires surgeons to reconsider the concepts of "elective" operations. Perceptions of the sensitivity to time and medical necessity of a procedure became more important during the pandemic. The evolution of the ethical and clinical environment requires a reassessment of perioperative factors, such as the retention of personal protective equipment; the limitation of the risk of exposure to VOCID-19 for patients, families and health care workers; and preservation.
0	It is recommended that patients with high-risk rheumatic diseases develop active infections be screened for tuberculosis, hepatitis B and hepatitis C before receiving second-line immunosuppressive treatments. With the emergence of the new coronavirus 2019 (SARS-CoV-2), extended guidelines for screening in these patients were not proposed before starting advanced treatment.
4	The adoption of telemedicine and virtual software for the care of outpatients during and after the VOCID-19 pandemic. While the new coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) continues to spread in all countries, the need for innovative measures to provide care to high-quality patients and manage its spread has become more imperative.
1	Is BMI higher in younger patients with VOCID-19? Association between BMI and VOCID-19 Hospitalization by age. OBJECTIVE: Obesity is a risk factor for hospitalization with coronavirus (COVID-19) to determine whether patients hospitalized with VOCID-19 differed in BMI among older patients compared to younger patients and whether trends were independent of diabetes and hypertension.
4	Objectives To report on our post-partum leave experience to reduce the length of hospital stay in patients with low-risk puerperium in a large obstetric service during the VOCID-19 pandemic in New York. Methods Retrospective analysis of all uncomplicated post-partum women in seven obstetric units of a large health system between December 8, 2019 and June 20, 2020. Women were stratified into two groups based on the date of delivery compared to the start of the VOCID-19 pandemic in New York
0	BACKGROUND: We present a 67-year-old man with a squamous hypopharyngeal palliative carcinoma who contracted VOCID-19 infection in hospital. Diagnosis of cancer, among other clinical characteristics, increases the risk of poor outcome of VOCID-19 infection. A recently validated risk calculator (COVID-GRAM) can help guide the prognosis.
4	OBJECTIVE: Quantify and characterize the burden of urological patients admitted to the emergency department (ED) in Lombardy during the Italian outbreak of VOCID-19, comparing it to a reference population from 2019 onwards. METHODS: We retrospectively analyzed all admissions following ED from January 1 to April 9, 2019 and 2020. According to the DE CIM-9-CM discharge code, patients were grouped into urological and respiratory patients. We evaluated the type
6	The 2019 Coronavirus epidemic (COVID-19) has created a global public health emergency, and there is an urgent need to develop an effective vaccine to fight this serious infectious disease. Here, we find that only one vaccination with a human adenovirus type 5 deproductive coding the SARS-CoV-2 (Ad5-nCoV) epi protein completely protects mice from infection with SARS-CoV-2 adapted to mice in the upper and lower respiratory tract.
3	The human enzyme for converting angiotensin 2 (ACE2) has been shown to be the receptor of the recent SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus, and variation in this gene may affect the susceptibility of a population. Therefore, we analyzed the sequence data of ACE2 among 393 samples worldwide, with a focus on South Asia. Genetically, South Asians are more related to Western Eurasian populations than to Eastern Eurasian populations.
4	Since the end of February 2020, a severe spread of VOCID-19 has affected Italy and in particular its northern regions, leading to a high demand for hospitalizations, particularly in intensive care units (ICUs). Hospitals suffer from the high level of patients to be treated for respiratory diseases and the majority of health facilities, particularly in northern Italy, are or are at risk.
4	Since its outbreak in December 2019 in China, the new coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has spread rapidly and has affected several countries. It has caused a difficult situation for cancer patients due to the risks of the epidemic as well as cancer. Cancer patients are more likely than the general population to contract VOCID-19 due to systemic immunosuppressive status caused by malignancies or cancer treatment.
4	The recent epidemic of coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) has been declared a public health emergency worldwide. The scientific community has made a lot of efforts and published studies that describe the biology, transmission, clinical diagnosis, treatments and candidate vaccines of VOCID-19. However, to date, only a few data are available on the impact of the VOCID-19 pandemic on ophthalmological care in different health care systems, its future consequences in terms of disability and access to vision-saving treatments.
6	OBJECTIVES: Patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) due to viral infection are exposed to secondary complications such as invasive aspergillosis. Our study evaluates coronavirus 19 (COVID-19) disease associated with invasive aspergillosis in a single centre in Cologne, Germany. METHODS: A retrospective review of all patients with ARDS associated with VOCID-19 admitted to the medical or surgical intensive care unit at Cologne University Hospital,
4	VOCID-19: The current situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. VOCID-19 is a highly contagious disease that has affected all African countries, including the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). Major challenges limit the precautionary measures put in place by the government to stop the pandemic.
4	The effects of the VOCID-19 pandemic on the supply and use of blood for transfusion. The VOCID-19 pandemic has major implications for blood transfusion. There are uncertain demand trends, and transfusion institutions must provide for reductions in donations and the loss of critical personnel due to disease and public health restrictions.
0	BACKGROUND Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is caused by a new coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, and is associated with severe respiratory diseases. There are numerous publications on the results of chest tomography (CT) of pneumonia VOCID-19, with ground glass opacities (GGO) and mixed GGO and consolidation being the most common results.
4	The VOCID-19 pandemic was declared by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020. The rapid spread of SARS-CoV-2 required an equally rapid response from health care organizations to find innovative ways to use the existing workforce to care for people with VOCID-19. Using an evaluation case study, a unique overview of the response of the health and nursing professions associated with VOCID-19 in a specialized cardiothoracic hospital in the United Kingdom is presented.
4	Saudi Arabia has taken unprecedented and rigorous preventive and precautionary measures against VOCID-19 to control its spread, protect citizens and ensure their well-being. Public acceptance of preventive measures is influenced by their knowledge and attitude towards VOCID-19. This study examined the knowledge, attitudes and practices of the Saudi public regarding VOCID-19 during the pandemic.
4	In particular, the pandemic can cause psychological distress and collateral problems for parents who are locked up due to unstable financial circumstances, school closures and suspended education services for children. A call for measures to increase family interventions during the emergency is urgent to prevent psychopathological trajectories and prevent the exacerbation of vulnerable conditions. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2020 APA, all rights
4	BACKGROUND: The 2019 Coronavirus infection (COVID-19) caused by a new strain of coronavirus was detected in China in December 2019 and declared a public health emergency of international interest on January 30, 2020. Community pharmacists have an important role to play in supporting local preparedness and response measures in the event of a health emergency. OBJECTIVES: Study the awareness of pharmacists and pharmacy students and their source of information on the management of the coronavirus pandemic, and their views on their role during this period.
6	INTRODUCTION: The new coronavirus (COVID-19) is currently in the epidemic phase. After large-scale interpersonal infection, asymptomatic patients appear. Whether or not asymptomatic patients are contagious and need drugs are the arguments among clinical experts.
0	The 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an emerging infectious disease caused by a new coronavirus, the severe acute respiratory syndrome 2 (SARS-CoV-2). After its first appearance in Wuhan, China from December 2019, VOCID-19 spread rapidly around the world. According to the World Health Organization's statement of March 13, 2020, more than 132,500 cases have been confirmed worldwide.
4	OBJECTIVE: Describe and evaluate a risk-based stratified triage pathway for in-patient urology consultations during the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic (COVID-19) to develop a strategy for care of urology patients that reduces the risk of transmission to health care providers and patients, reduces the burden of health care, and maintains appropriate patient care.
6	After decades of research, two therapies for chronic fibrotic lung disease are now approved by the FDA, along with dozens of other anti-fibrotic therapies being developed. A great deal of enthusiasm has been generated for the use of these drugs, which are not curative in any way, but clearly have a positive impact on lung function decline over time. In the midst of a flood of newly developed and reused drugs to treat the 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19) and its acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS),
4	The management of structural heart disease and acute coronary syndromes in the VOCID-19 pandemic. Transcatheter interventions for structural heart disease (SHD) are now an effective alternative to surgery in some patients. A clear premise is that delay or neglect in the treatment of patients in need of HDS is associated with inevitable morbidity and mortality because many of them have fatal diseases.
4	BACKGROUND: Long-Term Care Homes (LTCs) have been the epicentre of the 2019 Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) in Canada to date. Previous research shows that long-term, for-profit care homes offer less than a variety of outcomes and process measures, raising the question of whether long-term, for-profit care homes have performed less than non-profit homes than non-profit homes.
4	Background: The VOCID-19 pandemic has had an impact on the delivery of orthopaedic surgery and trauma around the world, with millions of operations cancelled. The risk of developing VOCID-19 after outpatient procedures in hospitals is unknown. This paper is intended to investigate the risk of developing VOCID-19 from day and night interventions during the peak of the pandemic in London, and to discuss the implications for the safe management of hands and elected senior members.
4	Data were collected in Marion County, Indianapolis, including EMS calls for suspected overdoses, CFS in which naloxone was administered, and data on fatal overdoses in the county coroner's office.
1	OBJECTIVE: We have systematically examined the calculated tomography imaging (CT) characteristics of the 2019 Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) to provide a reference for clinical practice. METHODS: Our paper has done an in-depth research on PubMed, FMRS, EMbase, CNKI, WanFang databases and VIP databases to collect literature on tomography imaging characteristics of VOCID-19 from January 1 to March 16, 2020.
6	Since the onset of the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) 2 (CoV), lopinavir/ritonavir has been selected for treatment. The recent publication of Cao et al. in the New England Journal of Medicine has shown that treatment with lopinavir/ritonavir does not accelerate clinical improvement relative to the level of care.
0	Here, we report a case where the manifestations of insulin-dependent diabetes occurred following SARS-CoV-2 infection in a young individual in the absence of auto-antibodies typical of type 1 diabetes. Specifically, a 19-year-old white man presented to our emergency department with diabetic ketoacidosis, a C-peptide level of 0.62 microg l(-1), a glucose concentration in the blood of 30.6 mmol l(-1) (552 mg dl(-1)) and a haemoglobin level.
4	• Post mortem surveillance of bovine tuberculosis in Ireland: variation in herd level in the likelihood of herds being revealed with routine slaughter injuries to have skin test reactors in a follow-up test Post mortem surveillance in Ireland reveals negative cattle for skin tests with suspected evidence of Mycobacterium bovis infection (routine slaughter injury (RSL), a causal agent of bovine tuberculosis (bTB). Laboratory confirmation of lesions has an impact on trade restrictions for herds, therefore
1	BACKGROUND: The 2019 Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) has threatened millions of people around the world. More and more data suggest that the ABO blood type has contributed to the susceptibility of VOCID-19, but the results are controversial. The main objective of this systematic and meta-analysis study is to study the impact of the ABO blood group on VOCID-19 pneumonia. METHODS: Two independent reviewers search the databases of China Biology Medicine, China National Knowledge Infrastructure,
6	While corticosteroids reduce the regulated immune system and are sometimes prescribed as an adjunct treatment for pneumonia, their efficacy in the treatment of coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) remains controversial. In this issue of JCI, Liu and Zhang et al. evaluated the treatment of corticosteroids in more than 400 patients with severe VOCID-19. The authors retrospectively evaluated subjects for cardiac and hepatic damage, shock, ventilation, mortality and viral clearance.
6	The VOCID-19 pandemic has highlighted an important role for drug repurposition. Quaternary ammonium compounds such as ammonium chloride, acetylpyridinium, and miramistine represent widely accessible antiseptic molecules with well-known broad spectrum antiviral activities and represent a potential for repurposition as treatments for SARS-CoV-2.
4	VOCID-19 Lockdown, Food Systems and Urban-Rural Partnership: Case of Nagpur, India. Coronavirus disease (COVID-19), which is spreading globally, is now testing the ability of all countries to manage its widespread public health implications. To effectively contain its impacts, a temporary national lock has been imposed in India.
6	The proposed doses of chloroquine (CQ) and hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) for the treatment of VOCID-19 (1000 mg/day for 10 days, QC; 800 mg first day and then 400 mg/day for 5 days, HCQ) in many recommendations worldwide are considerably higher than the recommended daily maximum doses for both agents (</=2.3 mg/kg/day, QC; </=5.0 mg/kg/day, HCQ
3	Coronaviruses (CoV) are RNA viruses that cause endemic infections in various species of mammals and birds. There are seven known human coVs that cause each of the respiratory diseases: together, they account for about one third of common colds. Some coVs have recently penetrated humans of infected animals and we finally have SARS VOCID-19, (CoV), which causes severe acute respiratory syndromes, often fatal. Prevalence of CoV, easy zoonotic transmission and the potential to cause serious respiratory disease.
3	Since its first discovery in December 2019 in Wuhan, China, VOCID-19, caused by the new SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus, has spread rapidly around the world. While African countries have been relatively spared at the outset, the initial low incidence of VOCID-19 has not been prolonged for a long time due to ongoing travel links between China, Europe and Africa.
4	The Association of Mobile Phone Location Data Indications of Travel and Stay-at-Home Mandates with VOCID-19 Infection Rates in the US. Importance: A mandate for social distancing at home is a key non-pharmacologic measure to reduce the rate of transmission of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2), but a high rate of membership is required. Objective: To examine the association between the rate of change in human mobility and the rate of confirmed cases of SARS-CoV-2 infection. Design, implementation and participants:
0	2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is pneumonia caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2. The outbreak started in Wuhan, China, and spread rapidly, with many confirmed cases in many countries. Usually, after the clinical cure of viral pneumonia, the lung lesions of the majority of patients will be gradually absorbed to complete dissipation, very few severe patients can retain pulmonary interstitial inflammation and fibrosis (1-3).
4	Background: Shortages of personal protective equipment (PPE), including N95 respirators, are an urgent concern in the context of the global VOCID-19 pandemic. Decontamination of PPE could be useful in maintaining adequate supplies, but there are uncertainties as to the effectiveness of decontamination technologies. Methods: A modification of the American Society for Testing and Materials' standard drive test method (ASTM E-2197-11) was used to examine the effectiveness of three methods, including:
4	The anaesthesiologist behaviour and the use of the anaesthesia machine in the operating room during the VOCID-19 pandemic: awareness and changes to deal with the risk of transmission of infection. Coronavirus 2 disease of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) [coronavirus infection 2019 (COVID-19)] appeared for the first time in December 2019 in China and is now spreading around the world.
4	Background: The spectrum and extent of changes in dermatology practices induced by the VOCID-19 pandemic have not been sufficiently studied Objectives: To assess the immediate and long-term effects of the pandemic on large-scale dermatology practice, including participants' clinical activity, frequency and types of procedures used, and the use of teledermatology (TD).
4	The impact of the VOCID-19 pandemic on stroke is doubly direct from infection and indirect impact on non-COVID-19 diseases. Anecdotal data and clinical observations suggest that there is a decrease in the number of patients with stroke during the pandemic. We aim to understand the impact of the VOCID-19 pandemic on the use of stroke services.
1	OBJECTIVE: The 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) is a global health threat. Early diagnosis is an essential key to limiting the outbreak of the virus. STUDY DESIGN: Case series, study conducted between March 25, 2020 and April 15, 2020. REGULATIONS: Outpatient outpatients who have been quarantined in a hotel designated for VOCID-19 patients and who have been recruited by hotel advertising.
4	With the 50 U.S. states reporting cases of coronavirus (COVID-19), people across the country are adapting and intensifying the challenges of the pandemic; however, they are also afraid, anxious and confused about what they can do to avoid exposure to the disease.
6	In the context of the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 pandemic (SARS-CoV-2), hydroxychloroquine has been proposed as a potential agent to treat patients with VOCID-19 (coronavirus 2019 disease) caused by SARS-CoV-2 infection. Older adults are more susceptible to VOCID-19 and some patients may need to be admitted to the intensive care unit, where the oral administration of solid-based drugs can be compromised as part of SARS-CoV-2 treatment.
1	Today, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), which caused a new coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19), is the global challenge. The virus is highly contagious, and the clinical consequences were very diverse. It is estimated that if no effective measures are taken, VOCID-19 could affect 90% of the world's population and kill more than 40 million people. It is therefore essential to understand the pathogenicity of the virus and to follow preventive methods to control high morbidity and mortality rates.
4	The role of spirituality in the pandemic of VOCID-19: a spiritual direct line project. Recent letters of correspondence addressed to the editor of this magazine stressed the need to implement psychological support during the pandemic and post-pandemic period for workers in general and in the front line. In particular, they stressed the importance of religious/spiritual interventions in order to provide comprehensive and holistic care. In this perspective, an important consequence of social isolation is the closure of churches and the suspension of religious meetings in order to avoid urbanisation and contagion.
0	· Towards an optimal and individualized positioning of unventilated VOCID-19 patients: putting the affected parts of the lung(s) on top? The outbreak of VOCID-19 has led to an unprecedented influx of hospitalized patients with severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), requiring high-flow, non-invasive oxygenation, if not invasive mechanical ventilation.
4	The role of ecosystems in the mitigation and management of Covid-19 disease and other zoonoses is becoming increasingly concerned internationally about the zoonotic origins of many global pandemics. Increasing human-animal interactions are seen as a driving factor in the transfer of pathogens, with a focus on the close relationship between human, animal and environmental health.
6	Coalition: Advocacy for potential clinical trials to test the post-exposure potential of hydroxychloroquine against VOCID-19. Our coalition of public health experts, physicians and scientists around the world want to draw attention to the need for high-quality assessment protocols for the potential benefit of hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) as a post-exposure drug for exposed individuals.
4	BACKGROUND: Coronavirus 19 disease (COVID-19) has changed standard urological practice around the world. The situation affects not only uro-oncological patients, but also patients with benign and disabling diseases who suffer from delays in medical care that affect their quality of life. OBJECTIVE: To propose, on the basis of expert advice and current evidence, where available, a strategy for reorganizing female and functional urological activity (FFU) (diagnostic and treatment).
4	The current global pandemic of VOCID-19 has paralysed the world, causing morbidity, death and changes in personal roles. The most common causes of morbidity and death in these patients include pneumonia and respiratory insufficiency, which means that patients need artificial ventilation and other techniques that can improve respiratory function. One of these techniques is chest physiotherapy, and it has been shown to improve gas exchange, pathological progression reverses and reduces or avoids the need for artificial ventilation when provided early.
4	INTRODUCTION: The synthesis of available data on the effectiveness of the use of face mask and tissue by the general public in community settings is necessary to learn from future epidemics/respiratory pandemics. METHOD: We used the search terms for face mask, infection and community parameters on PubMed, the database of the Cochrane Library and Google Scholar. A meta-analysis was performed using a model of random effects.
4	WHO has declared the new coronavirus disease a pandemic, with serious consequences for global health and economic activity, and Italy is one of the most affected countries. This study aims to assess the socio-economic burden of the VOCID-19 pandemic in Italy by estimating disability-adjusted life years (DALY) and productivity loss. The observation study was based on data from official government sources collected from the beginning of the epidemic until April 28, 2020.
6	The VOCID-19 pandemic is one of the greatest infectious challenges in recent history. Currently, there are few treatment options and the availability of effective vaccines is at least one year further. There is an urgent need to find currently available and effective therapies for the treatment of patients with VOCID-19 infection. In this review, we compare and compare the use of intravenous immunoglobulin and hyperimmune globulin in the treatment of VOCID-19 infection.
4	While the decrease in the incidence of stroke and the fear of patients going to hospitals has sometimes been used to explain this decrease, the reduction in urban pollution has also been hypothesized as a possible cause. We have statistically investigated the incidence of ischemic and haemorrhagic accidents, and transient ischemic attacks, in a large tertiary Italian center of stroke during the pandemic. We have statistically analyzed the number of transient ischemic attacks (TIA)
4	Italy was the first Western country to deal with the VOCID-19 pandemic. Here we report the results of a national survey of kidney transplant activity in February and March 2020, and the results of a three-cycle Delphi consensus promoted by four scientific societies: the Italian Society for Organ Transplantation, the Italian Society for Nephrology, the Italian Society for Anesthesia and Intensive Care, and the Italian Group for Antimicrobial Stewardship.
1	· Screening of nasal obstruction and its common causes using the nasal acoustic device: A pilot study. Objectives: It is necessary to develop a medical device capable of accurately measuring the normal and abnormal nasal respiration that the patient can better understand in addition to being able to diagnose the cause of his nasal obstruction.The aim is to assess the accuracy of the nasal acoustic device (NAD) in the diagnosis of the common causes of nasal obstruction and the diagnosis of normal and abnormal nasal respiration (nasal obstruction).
4	Social isolation is likely to be recommended for seniors due to VOCID-19, with a suggested continuous reduced clinical contact for this population. This has increased the need for remote memory clinics, so we are reviewing the literature, current practices and guidelines on the organization of these remote memory clinics, focusing on the evaluation of cognition, function and other relevant measures, proposing a new path based on three levels of complexity: simple telephone or video interviews and tests using available tests (
6	In December 2019, a new SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus, causing VOCID-19 disease, spread from Wuhan throughout China and infected more than 200 countries. So far, more than 3,400,000 cases and 240,000 deaths have occurred worldwide, and the coronavirus pandemic continues to develop worldwide. While the number of cases in China has stabilized, the number of infections outside China is increasing at a worrying rate.
2	In this paper, we present a multi-unit neuronal network model with blurred response aggregation for the VOCID-19 time series. Together neural networks are composed of a set of modules, which are used to produce several predictions under different conditions. Modules are simple neural networks. The blurred logic is then used to aggregate responses from several predictor modules, in this way improve the final prediction by combining module outputs in a smart way
6	Remdesivir No information is available on the use of remdesivir during breast-feeding. Remdesivir is administered intravenously because it is poorly absorbed orally, so infants are not likely to absorb clinically significant amounts of the medicine into milk. In addition, a newborn child has received intravenous remdesivir treatment for Ebola without serious adverse reactions.[1,2] Given this limited information, it does not appear that mothers receiving remdesivir need to avoid the use of remdesivir.
4	What does this mean for arthroplasty? Background and Purpose - The Coronavirus-19 Pandemic (COVID-19) continues to have an impact on health care systems around the world. This has led to guidelines to prevent elective procedures, including elective arthroplasty. Although arthroplasty is an elective procedure, some arthroplasty is probably essential, as pain or functional impairment can be devastating.
6	The incidence of venous thromboembolic events (VTEs) in patients with VOCID-19 treated with a standard dose of thromboprophylaxis of anticoagulants remains high.
1	Background: VOCID-19 and dengue fever are difficult to distinguish due to shared clinical and laboratory characteristics. Do not consider VOCID-19 due to a false positive serology of dengue may have serious implications. We sought to assess this potential cross-reactivity. METHODS: We analyzed clinical data and serum samples from 55 individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection. To assess the serological status of dengue, we used dengue-specific antibodies in the study.
4	At the heart of this was the redeployment of orthopaedic trainees to support "front-line specialties".
4	BACKGROUND: The new SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus (COVID-19) can infect health care workers. We have developed an institutional algorithm to protect team members in the operating room during the VOCID-19 pandemic and to keep personal protective equipment (PPE) rationally.
0	The objective of this study is to present our suggestions for the organization, use of personal protective equipment (PPE), the workflow of the theatre of operation, and the treatment of patients with VOCID-19 and co-existing neurological diseases. Materials and methods: We present the case of a 70-year-old man who was transferred to our department due to subarachnoid haemorrhage with rupture of the right central artery
0	2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2. It was first identified on December 8, 2019 in Wuhan, Hubei, China, and has since spread worldwide to become an international emergency.
4	A Comprehensive Strategy for the Prevention of SARS CoV-2 Infection in Health Care Workers: A Prospective Observational Study BACKGROUND: Since the onset of SARS CoV-2 outbreak, a large number of infections have been reported in health care workers. The objective of this study was to investigate the occurrence of SARS CoV-2 infection in health care workers involved in the first management of infected patients and to describe the measures taken to prevent transmission in hospital.
4	• Bariatric and metabolic surgery during and after the VOCID-19 pandemic: recommendations of the DSS for the management of surgical candidates and post-operative patients and the prioritization of access to surgery. The 2019 coronavirus pandemic causes damage to society, in particular to health care systems, including the disruption of bariatric and metabolic surgery.
0	The incidence of VOCID-19, a severe acute respiratory syndrome caused by SARS-CoV-2, is increasing rapidly throughout the world. During this pandemic period, the risk of accidental pulmonary discoveries suggesting VOCID-19 in F-FDG PET/CT in asymptomatic oncological patients is not negligible. To suspect VOCID-19 is more demanding that its presentation be atypical.
4	In response to the VOCID-19 pandemic, primary care has been blurred to quickly transform and protect clinicians, staff and patients while remaining connected to patients. Using the public health framework established to deal with a pandemic, we describe the actions that primary care must take in the event of a pandemic.
4	In March 2020, the Australian government added new temporary telehealth services to the drug schedule to reduce the risk of patients and clinicians transmitting 2019 coronavirus (COVID-19). The MBS statistics for general practitioners' activities and associated costs are described here; there is a slight increase in activity and costs for new MBS telehealth products; and there is also discussion of potential future implications for research and policy.
4	In order to better understand the growing professional uncertainty during this critical period, based on the demand-resources theory (JD-R), we examined the associations of workers' behaviour in the craft sector (JCB) with their job satisfaction and their behaviour in the field of innovation in the workplace (IWB), as well as the mediator effect of the work.
4	Since its appearance in December 2019, the 2019 Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) has spread rapidly around the world. During the pandemic of an emerging infectious disease, it is very important to prevent nosocomial epidemics and operate hospitals safely to maintain their functions. In this article, we present strategies for safe hospital operations based on the experiences of the Republic of Korea at the beginning of the VOCID-19 pandemic. Each hospital should maintain multiple layers of defenses to prevent even small cracks in
4	In many countries, the exponential growth of Covid-19 cases is overwhelmed by the overcrowding of hospitals and the overflowing of intensive care units. While people have to stay at home to reduce the spread of this virus, health workers are doing exactly the opposite. In some countries, doctors are working with insufficient protection and are constantly at risk of contracting Covid-19.
4	However, these changes in physiology are generally not taken into account in fan design and testing. We assert that high-altitude human populations need special attention to access the international supply of fans.
0	The SARS-CoV2, first described in December 2019, was declared pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020. Various surgical and medical companies quickly published guidelines, based on expert opinion, on the management of patients with VOCID-19, with a consensus to postpone surgical procedures and elective procedures. We describe the case of an orthotopic liver transplant in a young woman with acute hepatic impairment secondary to the toxicity of acetaminophen to manage the abdomen.
4	The 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) has created an extraordinary demand for N95 face ventilators and similar quality face ventilators (FFR) that are still not satisfied due to limited stock, production constraints and logistics. The interest in decontamination and reuse of FFR, a product class designed for single use in health care, has undergone a parallel push due to shortages. A valid decontamination method must provide an effective inactivation of the targeted pathogen(s)
4	Countries around the world account for the health and socio-economic costs of the VOCID-19 pandemic, including the strategies needed to contain it. The profound consequences of social isolation are beginning to emerge, and there is an urgent need to chart a path towards recovery, albeit towards a "new normal" that mitigates them. Children have not suffered as much from the direct effects of VOCID-19 infection as older adults.
4	It appears that the correct identification of all persons infected with severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARSCoV2) coronavirus 2 is the best strategy to limit transmission. However, in a significant proportion of patients, there are no clinical manifestations of the disease, and the symptoms may be very mild or atypical. There is growing evidence that the digestive manifestations of VOCID19 are frequently reported and may be associated with adverse events.
4	Since the first case of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) was identified in Taiwan 2020.01.21. Several family reunification infections were found later. This study was aimed at reporting family reunification infections and observing further development. We collected domestic family reunification infections among confirmed cases of VOCID-19 from January 21, 2020 to March 16, 2020. There were three domestic family reunification infections during this period. The first group was cases 19 to 23. The infectious source was a Taiwanese passenger from Zhejiang. The second group was a Taiwanese passenger.
6	In analysing Portuguese anonymized data on private and public medical prescriptions, we identified all cases receiving chronic HCQ for the management of diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus.
6	OBJECTIVES: Since there is no treatment for VOCID-19 with a mortality benefit currently proven in the pandemic, support management, including mechanical ventilation, is central management in an intensive care unit (ICU). It is a challenge to provide consistent care in this situation, which is very demanding and leads to potential shortages of personnel in UCI. We must reduce the unnecessary exposure of health workers to the virus.
4	* Analysis of demographic characteristics, underlying conditions, clinical results and trends in the weekly incidence of coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) from March 1 to September 19, 2020 in 277,285 laboratory-confirmed cases in school-age children in the United States could inform decisions regarding in-person learning and the timing and scale of community-based mitigation measures.
3	Did the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) occur in China at the end of 2019 and spread rapidly across all continents of the world. This pandemic continues to cause widespread personal suffering, as well as strong pressure on medical and health care providers. The symptoms of SARS CoV-2 and subsequent prognosis are aggravated in people with pre-existing co-morbidities prior to infection with the virus.
1	Infective diseases, such as the most recent case of coronavirus in 2019, have highlighted the prospect of point-of-care diagnostic tests (POCs). A rapid, accurate, inexpensive and easy-to-use field test could stop epidemics before they turn into full pandemics. Unfortunately, despite all the progress, it still does not exist. Here, we critically examine the limited number of prototypes demonstrated to date that is based on a polymerase chain.
4	In time of need: a basic initiative in response to the shortage of PPE in the VOCID-19 pandemic. Framework: Primary care is the first line of defence in health care, particularly during the 2019 Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19). In the London-Middlesex region of Ontario, a critical shortage of personal protective equipment (PPE) has been identified among primary care physicians (PCPs). Intervention: With the help of the London-Middlesex Primary Care Alliance, voluntary administrators, community health care providers, community health care providers, health care providers, health care providers, health care providers, health care providers, and health care providers.
4	To prevent transmission of the virus, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommend frequent hand washing with soap and water. Hand hygiene products are available in various forms, and if each of these formulations can be effective against VOCID-19, they can also change the integrity and functioning of the skin barrier.
1	OBJECTIVE: It has been observed that the level of pulmonary involvement shown in chest tomography (CT) tends to decrease as the prevalence of coronavirus infection in 2019 (COVID-19) decreased in the Turkish population. The objective of this study was to study the relationship between the severity of the disease based on chest tomography and the temporal evolution of the epidemic. METHODS: This study recruited 179 patients with confirmed VOCID-19 disease.
6	The efficacy and safety of hydroxychloroquine versus placebo for pre-exposure prophylaxis of SARS-CoV-2 in health care workers: a randomized clinical trial. Importance: Health care workers who care for patients with coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) may be exposed to severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2. To our knowledge, there is currently no effective pharmacological prophylaxis for people at risk. Objective: Assess effectiveness
1	SARS-CoV-2 - a new challenge for laboratory medicine. The new SARS-CoV-2 Corona virus (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Corona Virus 2) causes a disease called VOCID-19 (Cronavirus Disease 2019), which develops mainly in people with already impaired immune system, mainly in the elderly and people with a chronic disease or condition. The reasons for this situation should be investigated in the processes of latent aging and chronic inflammation, i.e. immunosenescence and l
4	While the rapid expansion of telemedicine in response to the VOCID-19 pandemic highlights the impressive capacity of health systems to adapt rapidly to new complexities, it also raises significant concerns about how to implement these new modalities in an equitable manner. As the health system becomes increasingly virtual, it risks increasing disparities among marginalized populations with poorer health outcomes at the basic level and limited access to the resources needed for the effective use of telemedicine.
1	· The diagnosis of VOCID is performed by PCR methods, but its capacity is limited by the requirement of high-level facilities and instruments. The isothermal loop amplification method (AMPL) has been used for the detection of virus-specific isolated RNA. Preliminary data suggest the possibility of isothermal amplification directly from respiratory samples without RNA extraction. All patients admitted to our hospital have been tested for SARS-CoV-2 by routine.
6	In this paper, we have collected current literature data to provide practical recommendations on the management of antithrombos.
6	Pharmacological point of view: glycyrrhizin can be an effective therapeutic agent for VOCID-19. Coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) disease caused by the previously unknown pathogen, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus-2 is now a global pandemic. There are no vaccines or specific treatments for this new virus; therefore, there is an urgent need to advance new therapeutic interventions for VOCID-19.
4	Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2. The disease was first detected in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province of China, in December 2019 and has since spread worldwide, particularly in Europe and North America, resulting in the global coronavirus pandemic from 2019 to 2020. Although most cases have mild symptoms, there is some progression towards viral pneumonia and multi-stage failure and death.
4	The role of mass media and public health communications in the VOCID-19 pandemic. In December 2019, a new pathogen appeared, and a few weeks later, led to the emergence of the world's largest health crises. The virus called "SARS-CoV-2", causes the coronavirus disease that was named "VOCID-19" by the World Health Organization (WHO). The rapid spread of this infection worldwide has become a source of concern for the public and several unknowns about this new pathogen have created a state of panic.
1	A model of a structural equation to examine the clinical characteristics of mild to moderate VOCID-19: a multicentre Italian study. The objective of this study was to evaluate the clinical characteristics of mild to moderate coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in a sample of Italian patients and to study the appearance of smell and taste disorders. Infected persons with suspected (clinical diagnosis) or laboratory confirmed infection of VOCID-19 were recruited.
1	A new risk score to predict the diagnosis of coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) in suspected patients: a retrospective, multicentre and observational study. The objective of the study was to explore a new risk score to predict the diagnosis of coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) in all patients suspected of admission. It was a retrospective, multicentre and observational study. The clinical data of all suspect patients were analyzed.
4	Coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) is a clinical syndrome caused by a new coronavirus called severe acute respiratory syndrome 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Coronavirus 19 disease spread rapidly around the world and was shown to have a broad spectrum of severity. VOCID-19 disease became a public health emergency of international importance and was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020.
4	OBJECT: The VOCID-19 epidemic has jeopardized the training and competition routines of professional athletes in a way that has not been seen before. This report aims to inform about the changes in training volume and intensity distribution and their effects on functional performance due to a 7-week containment period in professional road cyclists of an International Cyclist Union Pro Team. METHODS: A total of 18 male professional cyclists (average age [SD] = 24.9 [2.8]
1	The objective of this article is to conduct a meta-analysis of the manifestations of chest tomography (CT) in patients with coronavirus 2019 pneumonia (COVID-19). The databases of the library PubMed, Embase and Cochrane were consulted from December 1, 2019 to May 1, 2020 using the keywords "VOCID-19 virus", "the new coronavirus 2019", "new coronavirus" and "VOCID-19".
4	The VOCID-19 pandemic poses a major challenge to all aspects of medical activities, including haematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HCCT). In order to minimize the risk of infection during transplantation, we have focused on preventive measures and strict screening in each section of the transplant, involving donors, recipients, caregivers and health care workers. Due to effective preventive work, our transplant activity has not been interrupted.
0	Clinical characteristics of patients with a 2019 coronavirus disease in Japan: a series of single-centre cases. We report a series of cases of 6 patients with a confirmed 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in Wakayama Prefecture, Japan. All 6 patients were tested positive by means of chain polymerase reaction tests using Pharyngian sniffing (PCR), and 2 of 6 patients were still positive at 3 weeks after the start.
4	Objective: To compare the technical elements of health standards related to the control of nosocomial infections, health protection, health information, health emergencies and biosecurity in the context of the prevention and control of VOCID-19, and to support the optimization of guidelines for the prevention and control of epidemics Methods: The above-mentioned health standards used in the prevention and control of VOCID-19 were collected for a systematic comparison with the "Guidelines for the Prevention and Control of VOCID-19 in Medical Facilities" (1
4	BACKGROUND: Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has posed an unprecedented challenge to governments around the world. The government's effective communication of VOCID-19 information with the public is of crucial importance. OBJECTIVE: We are studying how the most read state newspaper in China, People's Daily, used an online social networking site, Sina Weibo, to communicate on VOCID-19 and whether this could engage the public. The objective of this study is to:
4	While there is consistent evidence that school closures are only limited in their effectiveness in reducing community transmission of coronavirus disease in 2019 (COVID-19), the question of whether children should stay at home by the end of March 2020 has generated a wide public debate, often a source of division, in Australia. In this article, we analyze the factors that have raised high concerns among parents, teachers and the public and have led to both the demand for school closures at the end of March.
4	OBJECTIVE: To provide a summary of asthma management in the current VOCID-19 pandemic by examining and comparing recommendations from various professional organizations. DATA SOURCES AND STUDY SELECTION: Web sites of known professional respiratory organizations were sought for VOCID-19 advice on asthma.
4	The 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) quickly exposed the deficiencies of the health care system. Shortages of hospital fans in Italy forced American doctors to consider creative solutions, such as the use of Y or T parts, to avoid the need to make life or death decisions based on the availability of medical equipment.
1	We have already reported that sputum induction was more sensitive than throat swabs for the detection of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2 in two convalescent 2019 coronavirus patients (COVID-19); however, the value and safety of induced sputum tests require further study.
4	The coronavirus 2 pandemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) revealed that Italy was not ready to cope with the large number of patients infected with coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) who often needed hospital admission and, in many cases, intensive care. This pandemic quickly submerged the Italian health care system.
4	OBJECTIVE: Assess the impact of national locking due to the 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) to DE visits and admission rates in Thailand. METHODS: We retrospectively examined the electronic medical database of patients reporting to ED during the national locking period (March 26 to June 30, 2020). We used the same time interval in 2019 as a control period in our analysis.
3	The rapid sequencing of the SARS-CoV-2 strain genome has become a useful tool to better understand the genomic characteristics and origin of the virus. To obtain sequences of entire genomes of the virus directly from clinical specimens, we performed a nanopore sequencing using an ARTIC protocol modified in a portable nanopore sequencer and validated an 8-hour routine workflow and a 5-hour rapid pipeline.
1	BACKGROUND: There is a shortage of information on patients with mild or moderate symptoms during the 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19). This is particularly true for those who have attended primary care and have been monitored in primary care facilities. OBJECTIVES: We aim to measure seroprevalence of antibodies against SARS CoV-2 infection in a community sample of possible cases and among the likely cases followed in primary care.
6	In this issue, we would like to share our first-line treatment experience in the treatment of VOCID-19. Hemodynamics should be closely monitored and different types of shock should be distinguished. Vasoconstrictor drugs should be used rationally and the warning of complications is of the same importance. The risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) should be assessed, and effective prevention should be assessed.
4	INTRODUCTION: The 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) disrupted the daily lives of patients with Parkinson's disease (PD), but its clinical impact was not illustrated. In this study, we studied the change in physical activity and clinical symptoms of Parkinson's disease during the VOCID-19 pandemic. METHODS: We enrolled patients with Parkinson's disease who were able to ambulate independently and visited our clinic at the Samsung Medical Centre from December 2019 to January 2020
1	OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to report a series of cases of pregnant women in New York with confirmed or suspected coronavirus infection (COVID-19). DESCRIPTION OF THE STUDY: As of March 22, 2020, all pregnant women with major obstetric practice in New York were contacted regularly to learn about the symptoms of VOCID-19 (fever, cough, shortness of breath, malaise, anomaly) or sick contacts.
0	Novo Status Epilepticus in patients with VOCID-19. Neurological complications are increasingly recognized with SARS-CoV-2, the causal pathogen for VOCID-19. We present a series of monocentric retrospective cases of EEG and results of the novo status epilepticus (SE) EEG in two African-American women with laboratory-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 virus. SE was the initial presentation in an asymptomatic individual.
4	The disease of Coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) is the name of the disease supposed to manifest itself in December 2019 of Wuhan, the SARS-CoV-2 virus. Today, this disease spread to almost all other parts of the world. The VOCID-19 pandemic has various reasons for its dramatic increase worldwide. Here, we studied the durability of the coronavirus on various surfaces. Various disinfectants and their roles are discussed in the available literature. The infection capabilities of SARS-CoV-1 and SARS-Co
0	A complex case of VOCID-19 with rheumatoid arthritis treated with tocilizumab. Recurrences of VOCID-19 were observed in a patient who had used hydroxychloroquine, leflunomide and glucocorticoids in the long term due to his 30-year history of rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Tocilizumab was applied and intended to target both VOCID-19 and RA. However, this patient's disease was aggravated after use of tocilizumab.
4	INTRODUCTION: We are facing a pandemic with a great impact around the world, following the rapid spread of the new coronavirus (COVID-19). The medical community is still getting to know the behaviour of this virus and the consequences from the point of view of the population. All this knowledge is extremely dynamic, so some behaviors are not yet well.
2	What is a spatial analysis of the prevalence of VOCID-19 in U.S. counties up to June 28, 2020: Where does geography count? PURPOSE: This study aims to understand how spatial structures, inter-county interconnections, matter in understanding the prevalence of coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) disease across the U.S. METHODS: We assemble a county-level data set that contains cases confirmed by VOCID-19 up to June 28, 2020 and various socio-demographic measures from multiple sources.
4	Background: The new coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has afflicted millions of people around the world since its first case was reported in December 2019. Personal protective equipment (PPE) has been adapted accordingly, but as of April 2020, nearly 10,000 health care workers in the United States contracted VOCID-19 despite the recommended PPE port.
4	BACKGROUND: In April 2020, Covid-19 terminated the NHS's elective procedures. The objective of this document is to produce accurate forecasts of the construction backlog, to highlight the current status of waiting lists and to propose solutions necessary to prevent a public health crisis. METHOD: Using data published by NHS digital and NHS England in previous years, we analyzed and used these data to produce estimates of cancellations and missed cases. We also analyze government data on lists of missing cases.
4	INTRODUCTION: Today, the VOCID-19 pandemic is still the most critical issue in the global health agenda. Given that public awareness in general and particularly of people with co-morbidities, such as cancer, determines the mortality rate, the main objective of this study was to assess the knowledge, perceptions and attitude of cancer patients towards the VOCID-19 pandemic. The secondary objective of this study was also to measure the effect of the disease on the ongoing treatment of cancer patients.
4	o Objective: The results of many empirical studies have shown that there is an "unrealistic" optimism. Thus, we sought to determine whether, in the situation of an imminent coronavirus pandemic, people still perceived themselves as being less exposed to the disease than others. Methods: Survey studies were conducted to examine the level of unrealistic optimism. Participants (n = 171, 67.3% of women) subjectively assessed the risk of infection with coronavirus.
0	We present a late presentation of the pulmonary embolism of the stool and thrombus-in-transit straddling the patented oval foramen 28 days after the onset of the symptoms of VOCID. We present a late presentation of the pulmonary embolism of the stool and thrombus-in-transit straddling the patented foramen on the patient who managed to recover from severe pneumonia of the acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (COVID-19). Seven days after the initial onset of the symptoms of VOCID-19, it was
4	BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: VOCID-19 has had a crippling effect on health care systems around the world with the cancellation of optional medical services and the disruption of daily life. We would like to highlight the learning opportunities offered by the current pandemic and their implications for a better health care system in the future. METHODS: We have undertaken a comprehensive review of the current literature to analyze the consequences of VOCID-19 on the health care system.
4	The most common general surgical emergency is acute appendicitis (AA). Early laparoscopic appendicitis is the standard management of gold. SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) raised concerns about increased perioperative mortality and spread of infection during aerosol production procedures: therefore, conservative management was advised and open appendicitis recommended when surgery was unavoidable.
4	#StayHome: Monitoring and benchmarking social isolation trends in Caruaru and the Regiao Metropolitana do Recife at the Pandemic VOCID-19. This technical report presents information on the Social Isolation Index (SII) of the city of Caruaru, Pernambuco, Brazil. The data were provided by In Loco, a technological startup that collected the movement of about 60 million Brazilians through the localization of cellular phones.
0	We report the case of a 93-year-old woman who received haemodialysis treatment for more than 30 months and had multiple co-morbidities that recovered from Covid-19 infection without any significant clinical problems. The patient experienced a delay in viral clearance with a swab negativization test (confirmed) after 33 days; after a positive test again, she produced a persistent negative response (confirmed after 49 days).
1	In this article, we formed several deep convolutional networks with training techniques introduced to classify X-ray images into three classes: normal, pneumonia, and VOCID-19, from two open-source data sets. Our data contains 180 X-ray images from persons infected with VOCID-19, and we tried to apply methods to achieve the best possible results.
4	The role of hospital and community pharmacists in the management of VOCID-19: towards an expanded definition of the roles, responsibilities and duties of pharmacists.Since the end of December 2019, a new emerging coronavirus has been identified as the infectious agent responsible for a generally mild, but sometimes serious, or even fatal, disease called "coronavirus disease 2019" (COVID-19).
4	In this article, we present an overview of information at the city level, in combination with analytical and operational capacity, which defines urban intelligence to support the response to epidemics of disease. We present five components (movements, facilities, people, information and engagement) that have already been investigated but remain siloed to successfully orchestrate an integrated pandemic response. Reflection on the Coronavirus epidemic (COVID-19) that was first identified.
4	The demand and supply of invasive and non-invasive fans at the height of the VOCID-19 outbreak in Okinawa. While Okinawa has been confronted with the outbreak of the 2019 Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19), the collapse of health care should be prevented by a sufficient supply of fans to treat the number of seriously ill patients rapidly growing with VOCID-19. We estimated the number of invasive and non-invasive fans needed in Okinawa at the height of the VOC outbreak.
4	The use of exercise equipment as a determinant of participation in physical activity at home in the adult population in general was intended to use a socio-ecological framework for social awareness and socio-ecological predictors of the intentions, planning and habits of physical activity at home during the VOCID-19 pandemic.
4	With the worsening of VOCID-19 disease worldwide, optimizing patient outcomes during this catastrophic crisis is the number one priority. The principles of patient blood management are fundamental strategies to improve patient outcomes and should be high priority in this crisis situation. The objective of this expert review is to provide clinicians and health authorities with information on how to apply established principles of patient blood management during the pandemic.
4	While the world is struggling with the crisis of VOCID-19, established economies and health systems have been put on the knees. Difficult decisions regarding the reorientation of resources away from the management of conditions deemed "non-essential" are taken. How to balance the urgent healing of our acute crisis while not abandoning the real need of patients with osteoporosis? This article proposes some practical solutions.
0	We describe the first successful treatment with anakinra of the IL-1 receptor antagonist, in combination with the most promising and most available antiviral treatment, of a serious case of new coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19). We describe the diagnosis, clinical evolution and management of the case, including respiratory failure at presentation, progression to a scenario characterized by deep inflammatory dysregulation similar to that observed during macrophage activation syndrome, and clinical improvement after
4	The VOCID-19 pandemic has posed a serious challenge to the life and mental health of people with autism spectrum disorders (ASDs). The health restrictions of VOCID-19 have led to significant changes in the lives of people with ASDs, including their routine, and have affected the day-to-day activities of the daycare centres in which they participated. This retrospective study assessed the impact of VOCID-19 restrictions on difficult behaviours in a cohort of people with severe ASDs attending daycare.
4	Survey of the use of personal protective equipment and VOCID-19 tests among pregnant women in Japan. METHODS: The survey was conducted online from 27 April to 1 May 2020. Questionnaires were sent to basic institutions and affiliated hospitals of the obstetric and gynaecology training programme and to hospitals of the National Perinatal Medical Liaison Council. RESULTS: 296 institutions participated in our survey; however, 2 institutions were excluded.
1	BACKGROUND: The first wave of the London-based VOCID-19 outbreak peaked in April 2020. First, attention was focused on serious presentations, intensive care capacity, and the timely provision of equipment. Although the general practice has seen the rapid use of technology to allow for virtual consultations, little is known about the structure of VOCID-19 presentations in primary care.
0	- Is SARS-CoV-2 infection in patients with Down syndrome, congenital heart disease and pulmonary hypertension a risk factor? With increased information available on epidemiology, physiopathology and management of patients with severe acute respiratory syndrome virus 2, patients with Down syndrome, congenital heart disease, airway obstruction and pulmonary hypertension are a unique challenge.
6	PharmGKB Tutorial for the Pharmacogenomics of Drugs Potentially Used in the Context of VOCID-19. Pharmacogenomics (PGx) is a key area of precision medicine, which is already being implemented in some health systems and can help clinicians to achieve effective therapies for each patient. Over the past two decades, the Pharmacogenomics Knowledgebase (PharmGKB) has built a unique repository of knowledge on PGx, including annotations of clinical guidelines and drug labels approved by
4	· An evaluation of Florida's Zika response using the WHO Health Systems Framework: Can we apply these lessons to VOCID-19? OBJECTIVES: From 2016 to 2018, Florida documented 1471 cases of Zika virus, of which 299 were pregnant women (Florida Department of Health, https://www.floridahealth.gov/diseases-and-conditions/mosquito-borniseases/surv eillance.html, 2019a). Florida's response required a
0	A patient with multiple sclerosis infected with SARS-CoV-2 during treatment with fingolimod was hospitalized with moderate clinical characteristics and recovered within 15 days. High levels of chemokines CCL5 and CCL10 and B cells secreting antibodies were detected, while levels of other subsets of B and T cells were comparable to those of the appropriate controls.
0	Background: There are few data available on the management of pregnant women with serious or critical forms of VOCID-19, such as optimal provider-initiated delivery times and post-partum care, including antithrombotic prophylaxis. We present the clinical course, pre- and post-partum management and results of two pregnant women seriously ill with VOCID-19.
4	The use of drugs by pharmacists to optimize drug management strategies during the VOCID-19 pandemic. While the VOCID-19 pandemic swept across the United States, our health care system mobilized clinical pharmacy services to meet critical clinical drug management needs.
6	METHODS: We examined the association between the use of hydroxychloroquine and intubation or death in a large New York medical centre. Data were obtained for consecutive patients hospitalized with Covid-19, excluding those who were intubated, died or released within 24 hours of their presentation to the emergency department (basic study).
6	CONTEXTEL plasma convalescent is the only antibody-based treatment currently available for patients with coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19).It has a robust historical priority and solid biological plausibility.Although promising, convalescent plasma has not yet been demonstrated as a safe treatment for VOCID-19.METHODSSo, we have analyzed the main safety measures after transfusion of human convalescent plasma compatible with ABO in 5000 adults hospitalized with serious or life-threatening VOCs.
6	GM-CSF treatments in VOCID-19: reconciling adverse therapeutic approaches. Treatments for 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) are urgently needed. The stimulation factor of granulocyte-macrophage colonies (GM-CSF), myelopoietic growth factor and pro-inflammatory cytokine, plays a crucial role in homeostasis of alveolar macrophages, pulmonary inflammation and immunological diseases. The administration and inhibition of GM-CSF are currently in progress.
4	In this paper, we discuss the socio-economic challenges, health and national health care as a result of the lockdown, with a focus on the population belonging to a weak socio-economic stratum (SES). METHODS: A literature search was carried out using PubMed.
6	The role of anaesthesia nurses in the treatment and management of patients with VOCID-19. As the backbone of the treatment of patients with coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19), nurses play a key role in cabin hospitals, isolation rooms and intensive care units for critical cases. Anaesthesia nurses have their own professional expertise, such as respiratory tract management, use and maintenance of life support equipment, including fans, and use of anaesthesia equipment.
4	Toll or Lifesaver? BACKGROUND: Telehealth services are quickly integrated into uro-oncology due to the current 2019 coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19). OBJECTIVE: Determine the patient perspective on telehealth adoption as a response to the pandemic and its sustainability in the future.
4	BACKGROUND: The VOCID-19 pandemic has changed the behaviour of the general population, as well as the processes in the health industry. Patients may be afraid to continue care in the emergency department (ED) due to the perceived risk of infection. The objective of this study was to determine the impact of VOCID-19 on DE parameters. METHODS: In a metropolitan ED trauma centre, we conducted a review of all visits from February to May 2020 and compared the results with the same months from 2019 onwards.
6	Lactoferrin is an iron-binding glycoprotein produced and secreted by epithelial cells and mucous neutrophils in various mammalian species, including humans. It is usually found in liquids such as saliva, milk and tears, where it reaches the maximum concentration. Thanks to its unique anti-inflammatory, antioxidant and antimicrobial activities, topical application of lactoferrin plays a crucial role in maintaining a healthy eye surface system.
4	Universal screening of potential organ donors and recipients of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2 is now recommended prior to transplantation in the United States during the coronavirus 19 pandemic (COVID-19).
4	REASONS AND OBJECTIVES: Quantify changes in total workload and sub-specialty workload in radiology due to the postponement of non-emergency services during the initial VOCID-19 pandemic, and describe operational strategies implemented due to changes in priority. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This retrospective study, exempt from the Institutional Review Commission, was conducted between February 3, 2020 and April 19, 2020 in a major university medical centre.
6	INTRODUCTION: We investigated the possibility of hepatotoxicity of lopinavir/ritonavir recently used in the treatment of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus. METHODS: This is a retrospective cohort of critical patients in a teaching hospital: 12 treated with lopinavir/ritonavir and 30 treated with lopinavir/ritonavir.
4	- Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) has become a widely used tool in the ambulatory setting to monitor glucose levels, as well as to detect uncontrolled hyperglycaemia, hypoglycaemia and glycaemic variability. The accuracy of some CGM systems has recently improved to the point of manufacture with factory calibration and clearance of food and drug administration for non-adjuvant use at the insulin dose. In this comment, we analyze the answers to six questions on what is needed
6	RETRACTEGED: Hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine with or without macrolide for the treatment of VOCID-19: a multinational analysis of the registry. BACKGROUND: hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine, often associated with a second generation macrolide, are widely used for the treatment of VOCID-19, despite the absence of conclusive evidence of their benefit. Although generally safe when used for approved indications such as autoimmune disease or malaria, the safety and benefits of these treatments are poorly assessed in VOC
4	The 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) has forced a overhaul of radiation oncology care. Perhaps more than any other disease site we see commonly, the assessment and treatment of head and neck cancer has posed the greatest risk of VOCID-19 transmission between patients and radiation therapy providers.
4	In response to the 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19), the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services have committed to pay for telehealth visits during this public health emergency to reduce the transmission of VOCID-19 and to allow the deployment of residents and treating physicians to support essential care services.
5	We simulated 3 modes of transmission, including close contacts, respiratory droplets and aerosol pathways, in the laboratory. Coronavirus 2 of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) can be strongly transmitted in mice of enzyme 2 of human naïve angiotensin conversion (HACE2) by close contact because 7 of the 13 naïve hACE2 mice were HIV-positive of SARS-CoV-2 antibodies 14 days after being introduced into the same cage with 3 infected
4	This investigation report describes a case of VOCID-19 in a combined military and civilian workspace, as well as subsequent investigation and mitigation efforts, which included an integrated public health officer who was able to conduct the investigation and advise on outbreak response. During a 3-day period, the index case inadvertently exposed 150 colleagues to SARS CoV-2 by participating in carpooling, conferences and small meetings.
4	On 18 February, the first Italian case of coronavirus-induced disease 2019 (COVID19) due to secondary transmission outside China was identified in Codogno, Lombardy region. In the following days, the number of cases began to increase not only in Lombardy but also in other Italian regions, although Lombardy remained and remains the most affected region in Italy. Currently, 234801 cases were identified in Italy, including 90070 cases.
4	Background: During the closure of the VOCID-19, referrals by the urgent 2-week referral route for suspected cancer in England, the United Kingdom would have decreased by 84%. We looked at the impact of different backlog scenarios accumulated by the referral of cancer on cancer survival, and the impact on patient survival.
1	BACKGROUND: In the treatment of highly infectious coronavirus pneumonia (COVID-19), nurses in the intensive care unit (ICU) are at high risk of developing a somatic disorder of symptoms (SSD). Clusters of symptoms in a population may present overlaps and incidents, a phenomenon that should be deliberately resolved to improve management effectiveness. OBJECTIVES: This study is designed to study the symptoms and causes of SSD of CIU nurses treating VOCID-19 pneumonia.
1	BACKGROUND: Testing for CT as an additional means is crucial for diagnosing TDM pneumonia (COVID-19) with high sensitivity and popularity. Machine learning has made it possible to discover complex structures from TDM images and to obtain expert performance in the analysis of medical image. METHODS: An integrated machine learning framework on CT images to differentiate TDM-19 from general pneumonia (GP) has been developed and validated. Seventy-three confirmed cases of TDM-19
3	Many viruses, including Coronavirus 2 of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) and Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), use RNA as genetic material. The way in which viruses exploit RNA structure and RNA-protein interactions to control their replication remains unclear.
0	Since December 2019, an outbreak of SARS Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) has begun in Wuhan and has spread rapidly around the world. Previously, released patients with 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) met the criteria for the diagnosis of pneumonia and for the treatment of the new infection with Coronavirus in China (test version 7) for the treatment of viral infection.
4	INTRODUCTION: Social distancing is primarily aimed at reducing the transmission of infectious diseases by reducing interactions between people in a wider community. Social distancing is an essential public health measure to resist the VOCID-19 pandemic. METHODOLOGY: A cross-sectional study was conducted among 1,036 Egyptians using an online questionnaire between May 5 and 10, 2020. RESULTS: There was a significant association between the practice of social distancing and certain socio-demographic factors.
4	OBJECTIVE: Provide a review of high-risk urological cancers and the feasibility of delaying surgery without affecting the results of the study or mortality. MATERIALS AND METHODS: An in-depth literature review was conducted using PubMed and Google Scholar to identify articles related to surgical delays and genito-urinary oncology. We reviewed all relevant articles concerning kidneys, upper-channel urothelial cells, bladder, prostate
0	As the spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) continues around the world, details of the manifestations of the disease and clinical progress have emerged. The main clinical presentation of the current coronavirus-19 pandemic (COVID-19) is respiratory symptoms. In addition, the involvement of the gastrointestinal system and associated symptoms have also been reported. Here, we present a 58-year-old patient who experienced acute abdominal pain and was diagnosed with acute pancreatitis.
4	In this review, we will provide an overview of the clinical characteristics of VOCID-19, and discuss the optimization and treatment of spinal pathology during the current global pandemic.
1	[COVID-19 - Plus Lung Pocus and Sparing Use of Stethoscope, Chest X-Ray and Lung CT]. VOCID-19 - Plus Lung Pocus and Sparing Use of Stethoscope, Chest X-Ray and Lung CT Abstract. For optimal management of VOCID-19 (Coronary Virus Disease), we depend on a rapid and reliable diagnosis and assessment of severity.
4	OBJECTIVES: Explore the evolution of sleep during the quarantine period of SARS-CoV-2 and define the associated factors. METHODS: An online survey of quarantine patients. Targeted questions on quarantine conditions, sleep behaviours and exposure to factors known to affect sleep and circadian rhythms (light exposure and sport).
1	Serological tests for the detection of antibodies to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) appear to be an important component of the clinical management of patients with coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) as well as the epidemiological assessment of exposure to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 worldwide. In addition to molecular tests for the detection of SARS CoV-2 infection, clinical laboratories also need to increase analytical capacity to include serological evaluation of patients
4	We propose two types of case-control studies that can be carried out jointly in test contexts for symptomatic people. The first, the test-negative case-control (TND) design is the easiest to implement; it requires only the collection of information on the potential risk factors for Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in symptomatic people tested.
4	BACKGROUND: The health, social and economic consequences of the VOCID-19 pandemic have become important as each national government makes decisions on how to respond. The 40 health systems study, Covid-19 (40HS.C-19), was designed to examine the relationships between the ability of governments to respond (CTR), their rigour of response, the scope of the VOCID-19 tests, and the VOCID-19 results.
4	The global Coronavirus Disease epidemic 2019 (COVID-19) has highlighted the opportunity to increase the interaction between medical specialists and primary care physicians (PCP). VOCID 19, launched in December 2019 in China, has been considered a public health emergency by the Ministry of Health and Human Services and, for the time being, a global pandemic disease. The Covid 19 crisis is increasing the role of telemedicine as a tool for the delivery of health services.
0	Background: The potential risk of cytokine storm in patients with coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) has been described [1]; we are writing to share our experience of treating a 17-year-old man with hemophagocyte lymphohistocytosis (HLH) secondary to VOCID-19 infection.
6	· Randomized clinical trials are not relevant to outbreaks of infectious diseases due to a new pathogen, for which public health decisions must be made as a matter of urgency. An approach based on group comparisons, in silica, can provide valuable results within a reasonably short time frame for a negligible amount of money.
4	This study describes the epidemiological characteristics of the 2019 Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) based on cases reported in long-term care facilities. As of 20(th), 2020, 3 long-term care facilities in a metropolitan region of South Korea had reported cases of VOCID-19. Employees in these facilities were assumed to be the sources of infection. There were 2 nursing hospitals that had not reported any other cases. A nursing home had a total of 25 cases, with an attack rate of 51.4%.
3	· Coronaviruses (CoVs) are wrapped, positive, single stranded RNA viruses that cause respiratory, intestinal and neurological diseases in mammals and birds. After replication, coVs assemble on intracellular membranes, including the intermediate compartment of the endoplasmic golgi reticulum (ERGIC) where the envelope protein (E) works in the assembly and release of the virus.
1	The outbreak of Coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome Coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) has threatened health worldwide. By the end of 2020, there were nearly 10 million confirmed cases and nearly 5 million deaths associated with VOCID-19. Rapid and early laboratory diagnosis of VOCID-19 is the main focus of treatment and control. Molecular tests are the basis for the confirmation of VOCID-19, but serological tests for SARS-CoV-2
4	Targets: At the end of 2019, a new respiratory disease was identified as it began to spread rapidly in the Chinese province of Hubei shortly thereafter, being designated as coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19). Unfortunately, trends and infection rates have been constantly misunderstood, especially in the media, due to little or no statistical analysis of trends. A critical analysis of the data is needed to determine how best to manage local restrictions, especially if there is a resurgence of infections.
4	The Covid-19 Coronavirus pandemic has resulted in global blockages, significantly reducing economic activity. It is a unique experience with substantial impacts that will form the research agenda. There are five sets of issues: short-term impacts on emissions, the natural environment and environmental policy, including regulation and COP26; longer-term consequences of the deployment of macroeconomic monetary and fiscal stimulus and investments in green agreements; the possibility of increased globalization and its impact.
2	The Bayesian modeling of the cases of VOCID-19 with a correction to take account of underreported cases. The novel of VOCID-19 disease began in late 2019, which has led governments around the world to encounter a large number of critical cases and deaths, beyond the constant fear of the collapse of their health system. Since the beginning of the pandemic, researchers and authorities have focused on carrying out quantitative studies (modelizations and predictions) to overcome the scarcity of tests that lead us to cases.
4	OBJECTIVE: To synthesize the scientific evidence available in the emotional management of the declared health crisis in the face of coronavirus. METHODS: A bibliographical search was carried out, without date limit, in the databases Medline, CINAHL, PsychoINFO, Scopus and Web of Science using the following keywords: "emotional management", "health crisis" and "health crisis response".
4	As part of this natural experience, the current study evaluates existing municipal solid waste management practices, with a focus on municipal solid waste treatment and disposal facilities in some developed and developing countries. The data and information used in this paper are derived from several scientific research papers from different disciplines, government and multilateral publications, and media reports.
4	Update: VOCID-19 for workers at meat and poultry processing facilities in the United States, April-May 2020. Meat and poultry processing facilities face particular challenges in the fight against infectious diseases, including coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) (1). VOCID-19 outbreaks in workers at meat and poultry processing facilities can quickly reach a large number of people.
6	The highly contagious SARS-CoV-2 virus was born in Wuhan, China at the end of 2019 and spread rapidly around the world. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), the new Coronavirus (COVID-19) infected more than two million people worldwide, causing more than 160,000 deaths.
6	The treatment options for the 2019 coronavirus disease are desperately needed to respond to the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 pandemic. Antiviral drugs and immunomodulators may have their place in the management of the 2019 coronavirus disease. Unfortunately, no drugs have yet been approved to treat infections with human coronaviruses. As it will take years to develop new therapies for the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, the focus is currently on the re-treatment of drugs that have been approved or are being developed for
4	The effects of heat and humidity on incidence and mortality in the ten warmest and coldest countries in the world. OBJECTIVE: The VOCID-19 pandemic has caused a global public health crisis with lasting social, psychological and economic damage. The dynamics of weather conditions have an impact on the model of human health and disease. The purpose of this study was to study the impact of heat and humidity on daily incidence and mortality due to the VOCID-19 pandemic.
4	Five electronic databases were consulted: VOCID-19 Open Research Dataset (CORD-19-2020); PubMed; MEDLINE; Scope; and Google Scholar.Selection of Studies Titles of articles and abstracts were identified during the search for electronic databases and were then tested for relevance.Publications up to the date of literature research, March 19, 2020, were used.All articles related to the relevant subjects of VOCID-19, dentistry, ortho
1	The use of FET-type biosensitisation arrangements has been highlighted by researchers in the field of early detection of biomarkers and drug detection, whose non-metallic dielectrics are exposed to an electrolyte solution covering the semiconductor material and actively transducing biological changes to the surface. The effectiveness of these new devices in detecting different biomolecular analytes in real time, very precise, specific and without label a
0	Anesthesia and protection in an emergency caesarean section for pregnant women infected with a new coronavirus: case report and literature review. An epidemic of coronavirus pneumonia has taken place worldwide since December 2019, which was later named VOCID-19. It is extremely transmissible that infection in pregnant women was inevitable. The birth process will produce a large amount of contaminated media, leaving a challenge for medical staff to ensure both the safety of the mother and the infant and good self-protection.
4	(1) Introduction. Structured operational research and IniTiative Training (IORT IT) help countries build operational research capacity to improve public health. We assessed whether health workers trained by SORT IT contributed (1) to the response to the VOCID-19 pandemic and, if so, (2) map out where and how they applied their IT SORT skills. (2) Methods. An online questionnaire on SORT IT graduates trained between 2009 and 2019. (3) Results.
4	In the midst of a global pandemic, hospitals around the world are trying to meet the demand for patients with the 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) caused by the new coronavirus identified for the first time in Wuhan, China. As the crisis develops, several countries have reported fewer cases of morbidity and mortality in children.
4	· A quick guide to the management of heart patients during the VOCID-19 pandemic in Egypt: "A statement of position of the Egyptian Cardiology Society." The VOCID-19 pandemic poses a huge challenge to the health system in Egypt. This document is a statement of position of the Egyptian Cardiology Society. It aims to provide information to cardiovascular care providers in Egypt to ensure the delivery of quality care to patients and to ensure adequate levels of protection against infection during the VOCID-19 pandemic.
4	Because of the coronavirus pandemic underway in 2019 (COVID-19), medical and dental services around the world must address unprecedented situations, provide essential care and professional support. The global health care crisis caused directly by the large number of serious cases of VOCID-19, and indirectly by the reduction of access to health care, as well as by the limited provision of secondary care, has had a major impact on specialized services, and by the deterioration of medical and dental conditions,
0	Currently, there are no specific antiviral agents approved for the new 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19). Convalescent plasma has not yet been approved for use in patients with VOCID-19 infection; however, it is regulated as an experimental product. This is a reported case in a 55-year-old man with VOCID-19 pneumonia who has received convalescent plasma as part of a treatment plan that has shown significant radiological and clinical improvement after
4	Covidom, a remote surveillance solution for patients at home with VOCID-19. In a few months, VOCID-19 has moved from a group of cases in Wuhan, China, to a global pandemic. With the increase in the number of patients with VOCID-19, solutions for home follow-up of infected patients have become critical. This view presents a remote surveillance-Covidom-deployed solution in the greater Paris area to monitor patients with VOCID-19 in their home. The system has been rapidly developed and is being used on a large scale with more than 6
0	The new 2019 coronavirus (COVID-19) is clinically manifest as respiratory and gastrointestinal presentations, most often vomiting, diarrhoea and abdominal pain. Although impaired liver function is widespread in VOCID-19, it is misunderstood. We report the first case of reactivation of hepatitis B virus (HBV) caused by VOCID-19 in a young adult with impaired mental condition and severe transaminitis. The patient was asymptomatic, hypothermic, his skin was jaundi
6	OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study is to explore the efficacy and safety of oral corticosteroids (prednisone) in the treatment of early SARS-Cov-2 pneumonia in patients who do not yet meet the criteria for admission to hospital.
0	· Electrocardiographic signs of acute right ventricular hypertrophy in patients with pneumonia VOCID-19: a series of clinical cases. This article reports 6 cases of patients with 2019 coronavirus disease bilateral pneumonia associated with associated acute respiratory distress and signs of acute right ventricular hypertrophy on electrocardiography despite the absence of acute pulmonary embolism or signs of severe pulmonary hypertension on transthoracic echocardiography. These cases suggest a possible link between elevated right ventricular overload and acute respiratory distress in SARS patients
4	The challenge of managing patients with Parkinson's disease during the VOCID-19 pandemic. The new 2019 coronavirus pandemic (nCoV) is rapidly developing around the world and new information is emerging quickly and constantly, especially with regard to neurological diseases.
4	OBJECTIVE: The 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) had a significant impact on the use of imaging in all practice settings. The objective of this study was to quantify the change in the composition of patient imaging volumes for the types of modalities and groups currently coded by procedural terminology during the VOCID-19 pandemic. METHODS: A retrospective study of patient imaging volumes in a large health care system was carried out, analysing weekly imaging volumes by type of modality (radiography,
4	· Telemedicine for pre-operative evaluation during a pandemic of VOCID-19: Recommendations for Clinical Care Limiting the spread of the disease is essential to control the VOCID-19 pandemic, including identifying people who have been exposed to VOCID-19, minimizing contact with the patient, and applying strict hygiene measures.
6	The 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) has threatened patients, health systems and all countries of the world with unprecedented challenges and uncertainties. According to recent publications, most patients with VOCID-19 have mild symptoms that do not require hospitalization, and only a small percentage of those in hospital need intensive care.
4	A miniaturized clean-up and biosecurity system for airborne viral infections such as VOCID-19. The provision of personal protective equipment (PPE) in hospitals to keep health care professionals (HCP) safe by taking care of patients may be limited, especially when a new disease develops. In particular, face and body protective equipment is essential to prevent the carrier from being exposed to pathogenic particles in the air. This situation has now been observed throughout the world during the outbreak of the VOCID pandemic.
4	Since the World Health Organization declared the current outbreak of the new coronavirus (COVID-19) a global pandemic, some predict that mitigation could occur in the summer, such as seasonal influenza, while medical solutions are still in slow progress. Experimental studies have shown some evidence that coronavirus is rapidly degrading under exposure to heat and moisture. This study is intended to conduct an epidemiological investigation to establish the association between meteorological factors and VOCID-19 in high-risk areas of the United States (United States).
4	In India, equity and health: reflections from the 75th national sample survey, 2017-2018, in the middle of the VOCID-19 pandemic. BACKGROUND: The Coronavirus-2 epidemic (SARS-CoV-2), known as coronavirus - 2019 (COVID-19), has affected more than 200 countries around the world with a higher mortality rate among the elderly population. The objective of the study is to highlight the vulnerability of older people in the midst of the current VOCID-19 pandemic, and in the light of recent international data.
4	The impact of masking, hand hygiene and social distillation on influenza, enterovirus and pneumonia all causes during the coronavirus pandemic: retrospective study of national epidemiological surveillance. BACKGROUND: The coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) is a major health crisis worldwide. Several strategies have been implemented to combat Coronavirus-19 disease, including wearing masks, hand hygiene and social distancing.
6	In December 2019, SARS CoV-2 has infected millions of people around the world, leaving hundreds of thousands of deaths. Chloroquine (CQ) and hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) are antimalarial drugs that have been found to be effective in vitro against SARS CoV-2.
4	Other methods of controlling the spread of the disease, such as social isolation, extreme quarantine measures and contact tracing, have been used around the world; however, these measures may not be fully effective in combating VOCID-19 as part of the national preparations needed to respond to new patient care demands.
6	The pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of hydroxychloroquine and the selection of doses of VOCID-19: putting the basket ahead of the horse. Coronavirus 2019 disease (COVID-19), caused by the new 2019 severe acute respiratory syndrome 2 (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus, is currently responsible for a global pandemic. So far, only remdesivir and dexamethasone have shown a positive response in a prospective randomised trial for the treatment of patients with VOCID-19.
4	While the incidence of obesity on chronic diseases has been extensively examined, there has been less research on the influence of obesity on infectious diseases, particularly respiratory diseases.This exploratory research uses currently available data on cases and mortality of VOCID-19, as well as estimates of morbid obese populations in the United States by county, to examine the association between morbid obesity and deaths of VOCID-19, and to identify potential spatial clusters of morbid obesity and death of VOCID-19.
4	In Italy, 128,948 confirmed cases and 15,887 deaths of people who were tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 were recorded as of April 5, 2020. To end the global SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, multiple population-wide strategies, including social distancing, testing and contact tracing, are needed. We propose a new model that predicts the course of the epidemic to help plan an effective control strategy.
4	OBJECTIVES: The national preference for interpersonal distance is considered to be a cultural characteristic. Interpersonal distance is critical for the dynamics of the spread of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). The trend of the spread of VOCID-19 shows different characteristics in different countries. We believe that 1 of the factors that influence this variation could be the national preference for interpersonal distance. METHODS: We used the regression analysis based on the data of national preferences for interpersonal distance (social, personal and intimate) presented by Sorokowska et al.
4	The impact of the VOCID-19 pandemic on gastrointestinal endoscopy in Africa. Background and objectives of the study As in all other areas of medical practice, gastrointestinal endoscopy has been affected by the VOCID-19 pandemic. However, data on the impact of the pandemic in Africa, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, are lacking. Methods An online survey was conducted by the International Working Group of the European Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy and the World Endoscopy Organization.
4	In light of the emergence of the new coronavirus in China, Professor Emeritus Alan Glasper of the University of Southampton discusses the intervention strategies adopted by international and national public health agencies.
4	OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to assess the types and frequency of fractures in both children and adults during the VOCID-19 pandemic and to determine differences from the non-pandemic period. METHODS: Patients admitted to hospital with a new fracture during the pandemic period (16 March to 22 May 2020) were evaluated.
4	INTRODUCTION: Perceptions of health risks inform decisions about protective behaviour, but VOCID-19 was an unknown risk when it began to spread in the United States. In the first phase of the epidemic, the authors examined perceived risks to infection with VOCID-19 and the fatality of infection and whether these perceptions of risk were associated with protective behaviour. They also examined whether the results differed between stakeholders later and stakeholders earlier. METHODS: Between March 10 and March 10
1	Letter to Editors: Liver injury related to VOCID-19: The interpretation of Aspartate Aminotransferase should be cautious. First, the authors believe that high levels of liver injury markers, particularly aspartate aminotransferase (AST), may reflect a true liver injury in 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19).
4	In the absence of treatment at the time of a pandemic, social distancing measures appear to be the most effective intervention to slow the spread of the disease. Various simulation-based studies have been conducted to study the effectiveness of these measures. Although these studies unanimously confirm the mitigating effect of social distancing on the spread of the disease, the reported efficacy ranges from 10% to more than 90% reduction in the number of infections.
4	OBJECTIVE: Examine the protective effects of appropriate personal protective equipment for front-line health professionals who have provided care to patients with coronavirus 2019 (covid-19). DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Four hospitals in Wuhan, China. PARTICIPANTS: 420 health professionals (116 doctors and 304 nurses) who were deployed to Wuhan by two affiliated hospitals of Sun Yat-sen University and Nanfang Hospital of South Medical University for 6-8 weeks
4	OBJECTIVES: We sought to identify occupational groups at high risk of infection with coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) in Korea, to estimate the number of these workers, and to examine the prevalence of protection resources by employment status. METHODS: According to the sixth standard occupational classification codes, the 2015 census data were linked to data from the fifth survey of working conditions in Korea, which measured the frequency of direct contact of workers with persons other than their colleagues at the workplace.
6	This observational study is intended to assess the outcome and safety of O2-high-flow nasal cannula therapy (HFCN) in 28 consecutive patients with severe acute hypoxemic respiratory failure (AHRF) following SARS CoV-2 infection, who did not respond to conventional therapy O2. Nineteen patients had a positive response. Nine patients required an increase in non-invasive ventilation treatment (five subsequently intubated).
4	The Coronavirus epidemic (COVID-19) started in Wuhan, China, in December 2019, and has become a global problem in a short period of time. The pandemic has led to many social and health challenges. In this context, surgery is an area that faces the need for many adaptations.
4	This Directive specifies the health protection requirements for hotels rebuilt as isolation places for close contacts during the outbreak of VOCID-19, including requirements for hotels, personal health protection and management. It applies to hotels rebuilt as isolation places for close contacts, such as general hotels, conference centres, sanatoriums, etc.
6	Several hundred trials are underway worldwide in the hope of a solution. However, almost all treatments are based on systemic administration, but VOCID-19 damages the lungs preferentially. The use of a targeted administration approach is examined where engineering products are able to directly reach damaged lung tissue, including catheter and aerosol approaches.
0	Most of the data come from small retrospective series of transplant patients years ago. We wanted to report a series of monocentric cases of five consecutive patients at the beginning of the postoperative period of the liver transplant of deceased donor who developed VOCID-19 nosocomial. Two patients experienced significant respiratory discomfort and eventually died. One was 69 years old and had severe coronary artery disease.
4	Will the hidden spectrum of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and ST segment myocardial infarction (STEMI) emerge from the avalanche of VOCID-19? The VOCID-19 pandemic has had a huge impact on global health systems. Opinions around the world have called on people to stay home and observe social distancing to slow down the pandemic. However, it is important to know how this affects acute cardiovascular care.
0	The 2019 Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) during pregnancy: 2 cases reported on maternal and neonatal outcomes in Yichang, Hubei Province, China. RATIONALE: The 2019 Coronavirus Disease Outbreak (COVID-19) in 2019 has become a global pandemic. It is not known whether the disease is associated with a higher risk of infection in pregnant women or whether vertical intrauterine transmission can occur.
4	How should colorectal surgeons perform during the VOCID-19 epidemic? A retrospective analysis at a single centre based on data from the real world of China. BACKGROUND: Coronavirus disease 2019 is currently a global concern. Cancer patients are invited to stay home in case of potential infection, which can cause delays in routine diagnosis and the necessary treatment. How colorectal surgeons should manage this during the epidemic remains a great challenge. The objective of the study is to assess the feasibility of colorect surgery.
0	A 51-year-old man known to be affected by Mounier-Kuhn syndrome (MKS) presented to Accident & Emergecy (A&E) with fever, dyspnoea and deterioration of his chronic cough. Increase in the diameters of his trachea (39 mm), right (30 mm) and left (26 mm) bronchi were revealed by computerised chest tomography (CT).
6	Because of the global prevalence of diabetes, which affects more than 450 million people around the world and is still on the rise, the VOCID-19 crisis is a serious threat to an extremely vulnerable population. However, the general heterogeneity and complexity of this dysmetabolic disease, with reference to the etiological mechanisms, the level of blood glucose levels, and the extent to which patients with diabetes are exposed to serious or fatal VOCID-19 infections, including a high risk of admission to intensive care units with respiratory insufficiency and septic complications.
4	The literature study suggests the in vitro virucidal action of povidone iodine in SARS CoV and MERS. Oropharynx and nasopharynx are the target sites of SARS CoV 2. A significant proportion of patients with VOCID 19 are asymptomatic, but elimination of these viral particles, PVP-I was shown to be safe therapy when
4	However, this pandemic is a double-edged sword because this comment shows higher morbidity rates among older people, as evidenced by the comparison of the age distribution of cases in China and South Korea with relative populations.
4	INTRODUCTION: The transmission of SARS-CoV-2 to health care workers (HCW) is a major burden in the current pandemic of VOCID-19. Unprotected exposure to a patient of VOCID-19 is a key risk factor for health care workers. Transmission is mainly through droplet transmission or aerosol-generating processes.
6	Beyond antiviral treatment: a complete examination. Severe acute respiratory syndrome related to Coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2), coronavirus-2019 (COVID-19) can cause severe disease in 20% of patients. This may be partly due to an uncontrolled immune response to SARS CoV-2 infection triggering a systemic hyperinflammatory response, the "cytokine storm". The reduction of this inflammatory immune response could be considered a therapeutic target against severe VOCI.
0	• Acute pulmonary embolism is a non-characteristic presentation in patients with coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19). Here we describe the case of a young woman with severe pulmonary embolism, without any associated symptoms of infection. A clot in a patented oval foramen has been noted. Despite the emergency surgical embolectomy, its clinical conditions have continued to deteriorate. It has been placed on an extracorporeal life support and tested positive for VOCID-19.
6	· The development of SARS-CoV-2 epitope-based subunit vaccines (SARS-CoV-2), the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic, has become a global problem that has given rise to the scientific community's concern to design and discover a countermeasure against this deadly virus. So far, the pandemic has caused the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people during infection and spread. To date, no effective vaccine is available to combat the infection caused by this virus.
1	On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared a pandemic linked to a new coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2). The role and impact of imaging is pre-eminent and continues to change rapidly. This article is a consensus statement provided by the Canadian Thoracic Radiology Society and the Canadian Association of Radiologists describing the role of imaging in patients of VOCID-19.
0	The pulmonary ultrasound (POCUS) has been shown to be useful in identifying pulmonary pathology in adult patients with coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19). However, the paediatric literature on POCUS in VOCID-19 is limited. The objective of this series of cases was to describe the results of pulmonary POCUS in paediatric patients with VOCID-19. Three patients with VOCID-19 who had pulmonary POCUS in a paediatric emergency department were included.
6	The VOCID-19 pandemic has focused on issues of epidemiology, public health and vaccine design. I submit that attention to the pharmacological therapy of VOCID-19 requires similar attention, including the identification of existing drugs that can be reused to treat patients of VOCID-19.
4	Target: Since the state of alarm declared in Spain on March 14, 2020, the 2019 coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) has had an extraordinary impact in paediatric hospitals. This study shows the effect of the pandemic on our practice in paediatric orthopaedics in a third-level paediatric hospital. Methods: We conducted a retrospective review of the official census of a third-level paediatric hospital from March 14 to April 14 for the years 2018, 2019 and 2020. Results: Patients viewed
0	We present postmortem evidence of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis (IPA) in a patient with severe VOCID-19. Autopsies of confirmed cases of VOCID-19 were performed. The patient died despite antimicrobials, mechanical ventilation and vasopressor support. Histopathology and peripheral blood galactomannan antigen tests confirmed the API. Aspergillus penicillioides infection was confirmed by nucleos
1	The purpose of the study is to describe the spectrum and prevalence of accidental thoracic and extrathoracic findings in patients who have undergone 18F-FDG TEP/CT during the first 3 weeks of the closure of VOCID-19 TEP/CT in the United Kingdom.
4	At the time of the survey, fewer than 150 children in Australia and New Zealand had documented the infection. The objective of this study was to assess attitudes, availability and confidence in the early stages of the VOCID-19 pandemic through an online survey of paediatric physicians and sub-specialists in Australia and New Zealand. METHODS: Several groups of e-mail lists were used to contact paediatric physicians to undertake an online survey on the Likert scale between 17 and 24 March.
6	While it is not clear whether patients with AISA for skin conditions are more likely to develop VOCID-19, and what impact ISA may have on the clinical outcome if a patient is infected, rationalizations based on the specific immune effects of each drug, and the existing literature on the incidence of various types of adverse reactions, it is not clear whether patients with AISA for skin conditions are more likely to develop VOCID-19.
1	INTRODUCTION: The first case of the 2019 Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) was reported in December 2019 in Wuhan, China, and millions of cases and thousands of deaths have been reported within five months. Currently, the chain reaction to reverse-polymerase transcription (RT-PCR) and computed tomography (CT) digitization are clinically prescribed for the first five months of 2020.
4	The current coronavirus pandemic 2019 (COVID-19) requires health systems around the word to organize care differently than before. Rapid detection and effective triage and isolation of potentially infected and infectious patients are essential to prevent unnecessary community exposure. Since there are not yet any drugs to treat or vaccines to prevent VOCID-19, prevention focuses on self-management strategies, creating challenges in patient education for triage and testing physicians.
4	At this stage, when the world is facing a threat to humanity with an increasing number of deaths due to the VOCID 19 pandemic, discussion of the need for intensive care unit beds and human resources for critical care management has resurfaced and the need for critical care services has increased.
4	Recently, the cholera epidemic in Haiti has shown how unprepared the country is to rapidly isolate an epidemic of this magnitude, and its vulnerability to the VOCID-19 pandemic. This communication briefly examines the health system in Haiti and its vulnerability to the VOCID-19 epidemic.
1	AIM: To evaluate the results of the tests of nucleic acid and antibodies of patients with Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) in China. METHODS: All patients with SARS-CoV-2 confirmed in the laboratory from January to April 2020 were subjected to retrospective analysis. Clinical characteristics and laboratory test results were obtained from electronic medical records. Patients were divided into three groups according to antibody production and compared for laboratory test results.
1	BACKGROUND: New reports indicate that the onset of odour or taste loss is a potential early clinical sign of SARS CoV-2 infection, but it is unclear to what extent. Therefore, the objective of this study is to systematically assess the prevalence of altered sense of smell or taste in patients with confirmed SARS CoV-2 infection, eliminating the limitations of individual studies by meta-analysis of the aggregated data.
4	Background: In response to the closure of universities and the cancellation of in-person courses due to the VOCID-19 pandemic, this study was designed to focus on a solution to adapt simulation-based education to this situation. Method: A mixed study was conducted to analyze the satisfaction and perceptions of nursing students (n = 48) with simulated video consultations in nursing. Results: Nursing students expressed a high level of satisfaction and positive perceptions of this innovative proposal.
4	The demographic, jurisdictional and spatial effects on social distancing in the United States during the VOCID-19 pandemic. Social distancing, a non-pharmaceutical tactic to reduce the spread of VOCID-19, can occur because individuals voluntarily move away from others to avoid contracting the disease. Otherwise, it can occur because of jurisdictional restrictions imposed by local authorities.
4	The study critically reviewed provincial updates of coronavirus disease in Pakistan 2019 (COVID-19) and discussed current challenges facing the government in a given context. Coronavirus mortality rates have increased rapidly in one country. Provincial status of confirmed coronavirus cases is higher in Punjab, followed by Sindh, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KPK) and Balochistan.
4	The VOCID-19 pandemic has posed new challenges to the health care community. Many of the super-specialty practices plan to reopen after the release of the containment. However, there is a great deal of apprehension in everyone's minds about conforming practices that would protect patients, ophthalmologists, health care workers, and take care of equipment to minimize damage.
3	Since December 2019, 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19), caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, has given rise to emerging respiratory infections with pandemic spread. Vitamin D-binding protein (PDB) with a focus on its regulation of total and free levels of vitamin D metabolites is involved in various clinical conditions. The main objective of this study was to assess whether there was an association between polymorphism of the DBP gene to loci rs7041 and rs4588 and prevalence
4	The VOCID-19 pandemic has disrupted health care, with its far-reaching effects on the assessment and treatment of chronic diseases. Our tertiary wound care centre has been specially designed to provide the highest quality care to injured patients. Prepandemic, we have been able to provide rapid treatment through validated protocols provided by a multidisciplinary team co-located within the hospital. The pandemic has disrupted the framework of our model, and we have worked to adapt our workflow without sacrificing quality.
6	The results of these studies have important implications for people with multiple sclerosis who need to be vaccinated and who use disease-modulating therapies. METHODS: Research using PubMed and other engines was conducted in May 2020 to collect studies assessing the impact of various diseases-mod
4	The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has currently restricted FDA's entire slide imaging systems to a specific display model for each system, which currently consists of a single system.
4	In the first week of March20, the increase in the number of cases of coronavirus (COVID-19) has reached more than 100,000 cases worldwide. National and international health care authorities have already undertaken awareness-raising and containment activities. A poor understanding of the disease among medical imaging professionals (MIPs) can lead to a rapid spread of infection. This study was designed to study the knowledge and understanding of MIPs on VOCID-19.
4	All patients suspected of being confirmed by VOCID-19 were referred and enrolled. Telehealth visits were conducted every 24 to 72 hours based on the severity of symptoms and care.
0	Background: Wellens syndrome is known to be associated with the occlusion of the left anterior descending artery that could lead to an extended anterior wall myocardial infarction. Thus, emergency cardiac catheterism is required. However, during the 2019 coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19), it is recommended that patients with haemodynamically stable acute coronary syndrome with VOCID-19 infection be treated with caution in an isolated hospital service.
4	• Re-opening businesses will require employers to implement safe return-to-work strategies through assessment, testing, work changes and the development of appropriate workplace policies; there will be unique challenges along the way, as no approach will be ideal for all workplaces and industries.
4	INTRODUCTION: Lack of knowledge among health care professionals leads to diagnostic delays, increased spread of disease and poor infection control practices. Health care professionals need to be updated about VOCID-19. This study is intended to assess the knowledge of health care professionals about VOCID-19 in a Chitwan medical college. METHODS: A knowledge, attitudes and practices study was conducted in a tertiary hospital in Chitwan, Nepal, from April 22, 2020 to April 28, 2020.
6	A severe skin reaction that resembles acute generalised exanthemous pustulosis resulting from ingestion of hydroxychloroquine has been documented. It is distinguished by its longer incubation period, its more varied morphology with urticaria and target and arcuate plaques, its recalcitrance to treatment and its longer duration.
4	In outbreaks of highly infectious diseases, such as Ebola, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) or Coronavirus (COVID-19), health care workers (HCW) are at a much higher risk of infection than the general population because of their contact with contaminated body fluids in patients. Personal protective equipment (PPE) can reduce the risk by covering exposed body parts. It is not clear what type of PPE best protects, what is the best way to put E
0	The systemic lupus erythematosus and varicella-like rash after VOCID-19 in a previously healthy patient. Emerging reports show that the 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19) can lead to autoimmune and auto-inflammatory diseases. However, systemic erythematous lupus triggered by VOCID-19 (SLE) has never been reported to our knowledge. VOCID-19 has also associated skin manifestations.
4	In addition, the reorganization of health services around the pandemic response is further exacerbating the growing crisis around limited access, compliance with treatment, acute medical needs and mental health of patients with cardiovascular disease and diabetes, which is potentially at increased risk of infection and fatality due to VOCID-19.
6	The new coronavirus (2019-nCoV) was first detected in patients with pneumonia of an unknown cause in Wuhan, China, in December 2019. It has since been confirmed as a pathogen of the new pneumonia of the coronavirus, recently called "coronavirus disease 2019" (COVID-19) by the World Health Organization. Although the general population is generally susceptible to the disease, infected elderly people have rapid progression and serious manifestations with a high proportion in critical condition due to compromised immunity and severe illness.
4	In this communication, we would like to share our experience in managing ORS patients during the VOCID-19 pandemic. Laryngoscope, 130:2593-2594, 2020.
6	The effect of the combination of hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin on the QT interval in non-ICU patients VOCID19(+). BACKGROUND: The combination of hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) and azithromycin has shown its efficacy as a treatment for VOCID-19 and is widely used worldwide.
1	Background During the peak of the 2019 Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19), the authors noted an increase in positive angiographical examinations of the lower limbs in patients with leg ischemia. The objective of this study was to determine whether arterial thrombosis in the lower limbs was associated with VOCID-19 and whether it was characterized by greater severity in these patients.
4	The evaluation of a method of patient self-stratification to identify those who need protection during VOCID-19 has been unprecedented. The logistical challenges of rapid and accurate identification of patients who needed protection during the VOCID-19 pandemic have been unprecedented. We report our experiences of meeting this challenge for more than 9,000 patients with rheumatism and musculoskeletal disease in our centre, including a guided patient self-stratification component.
0	INTRODUCTION: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a highly contagious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Pneumonia and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) are the most common serious complications.
4	INTRODUCTION: The article describes the process of transforming a large multi-specialized hospital into a hospital dedicated to VOCID-19 patients, and presents established standards of work organization in all services and the system of training of medical personnel and support. The multi-week pandemic of VOCID-19 disease has forced healthcare systems in many countries to adapt their resources to the increasing number of VOCID-19 patients.
4	The world is currently dominated by the 2019 Corona virus pandemic (COVID-19). In addition to the obvious concerns about limiting the spread of the virus and providing the best possible care to infected patients, a concomitant concern has emerged due to an alleged link between the use of certain drugs, such as renin-angiotensin inhibitors (RAS) and ibuprofen, and an increased risk of infection with VOCID-19.
4	Background: VOCID-19 was first identified in Iran in February 2020 and spread rapidly throughout the country and shortly thereafter was reported as a pandemic. This study presents a preliminary report on the management of spinal trauma during the VOCID-19 pandemic. Methods: A cross-sectional study was designed to assess patients admitted for vertebral fractures with VOCID-19 diagnosis in February and March 2020.
1	Comparison of two commercial molecular tests and a laboratory-developed modification of the 2019-nCoV CDC reverse transcriptase test PCR Assay for the detection of SARS-CoV-2. We compared the capacity of two commercial molecular amplification tests (RealTime SARS-CoV-2 on the m2000 test [ACV abbreviated; Abbott] and ID Now VOCID-19 [ADNOW abbreviated; Abbott]) and a laboratory-developed test (CDC criteria 2019-nCoV modified PCR reverse transcriptase [RT-PC
1	The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic is accompanied by an increasing number of deaths attributed to coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19), but there are still questions regarding deaths formally attributed to VOCID-19. We wanted to provide an independent review of the clinical characteristics of patients who died in hospital with a positive PCR test for SARS-CoV-2 and link them to the reported cause of death. Between March 23 and April 28, 2020, a total of 162 patients with positive SARS.
6	In vitro studies indicate that the antiviral effect of chloroquine diphosphate (CQ) requires a high concentration of the drug.
0	There is little or no evidence of the correlation between upper limb deep venous thrombosis (UL-DVT) and severe acute respiratory syndrome 2 coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2). We describe the increased risk of UL-DVT in 3 patients with upper limb deep venous thrombosis (UL-DVT) who require positive continuous airway pressure with a cap and the need for prophysic treatment.
1	OBJECTIVE: To determine the overall prevalence of olfactory and taste dysfunction in patients with the new 2019 coronavirus (COVID-19). DATA SOURCES: Documentary research on PubMed, Embase and Scopus was conducted on April 19, 2020, to include articles written in English that reported the prevalence of olfactory or taste dysfunction in patients with VOCID-19 disease.
6	At present, little information is available on the global prevalence of chronic liver disease in people with the 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19), which is becoming a global pandemic. The objective of this study was to assess the overall prevalence of chronic liver disease in patients with VOCID-19 disease by meta-analysis of data in observational studies and to study the relationship between liver injury and VOCID-19 disease. We included 11 observational studies for a total of 2034 adults (age)
6	INTRODUCTION: hydroxychloroquine has recently been promoted in patients infected with VOCID-19 infection. A recent experimental study suggested an increase in the toxicity of hydroxychloroquine in combination with metformin in mice. OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to investigate the reality of this suspected drug interaction between hydroxychloroquine and metformin using pharmacovigilance data.
4	In public health crises, including the VOCID-19 pandemic, resource shortages and the risk of contagion may require that health systems move from a routine clinical ethic of patient well-being to a public health ethic of population health.
6	The impact of the 2019 coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) that hit the world in 2020 triggered a massive dissemination of information (a "infodemic") about the disease that was channelled through the print, broadcast, web and social media. This infodemic also included sensational and distorted information about drugs that probably first influenced opinion leaders and people particularly active on social media and then on other people, thus affecting patient choices around the world.
6	The current coronavirus pandemic 2019 (COVID-19) affects pregnant patients worldwide. Although it appears that the severity of the disease is reduced in pregnant patients, some are likely to develop a serious disease. Our goal is to summarize the basic respiratory support interventions recommended for pregnant patients with severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2.
6	The VOCID-19 pandemic is an emerging cardiovascular risk factor and a major cause of death in the world. Thromboembolism is highly suspected as a leading cause of death in these patients due to vascular inflammation caused by VOC2 SARS. To date, there is no actual treatment of VOCID-19 and many proposed drugs are in clinical trials. Given the high incidence of thromboembolic events in seriously ill patients with VOCID-19, prevention of this disorder should be essential to reduce mortality in these patients.
6	INTRODUCTION: Several antiretroviral drugs are being studied for the treatment of VOCID-19, the disease caused by a newly identified coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2). We have systematically examined the clinical results of the use of antiretroviral drugs for the prevention and treatment of coronaviruses and planned clinical trials. METHODS: Three databases have been examined from the beginning to March 30, 2020 for studies reporting the clinical results of patients with SARS, MERS or VOCID-19 treated with antiretrovirals.
4	o BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The incubation period of VOCID-19 helps to determine the optimal duration of quarantine and to inform predictive models of incidence curves Several emerging studies have produced variable results; this systematic review is intended to provide a more accurate estimate of the incubation period of VOCID-19. METHODS: For this systematic review, a literature search was conducted using Pubmed, Scopus/EMBASE and databases from the Cochrane Library, covering all observational studies, and
6	The study of the structural, chemical and optoelectronic properties of Hydroxychloroquine and Azithromycin medicinal products. The density functional theory (DFT) was performed to predict the structural, chemical and optoelectronic properties of Hydroxychloroquine and Azithromycin medicinal products using the wB97XD, O3LYP and B3LYP function with 6-31+G(d,p).
4	Data from 33 centres in 16 countries on 5 continents showed that TB centres were lower in the first 4 months of the pandemic in 2020 than in the same period in 2019. Resources are needed to ensure the continuity of TB care during the pandemic.
1	The new beta-coronavirus, which caused severe acute respiratory Coronavirus-2 syndrome (SARS-CoV-2), a major respiratory outbreak in Wuhan, China, in December 2019, is now widespread in many countries around the world. Identification of PCR-based viruses is a well-known and relatively stable protocol. Unfortunately, high mutation rates can lead to generalized changes in viral nucleic acid sequences, and therefore the use of PCR-specific primers may be recommended.
4	o Rethinking the central role of equity in the global governance of pandemic intervention Our initial response to VOCID-19 has been ravaged by a series of failures, many of which have aggravated inequality within and among populations, particularly in low- and middle-income countries.
4	In southern Italy: how the availability of radiation therapy, patient outcomes and risks for health care providers changed during the 2019 coronavirus pandemic. The first actions and arrangements in a department of oncology in southern Italy are described at the beginning of the VOCID-19 pandemic.
4	BACKGROUND: Voluntary individual quarantine and voluntary active contact surveillance are key strategies for controlling emerging infectious diseases such as VOCID-19. Given the impact of quarantine on resources and individual freedom, it is essential to assess under what conditions individual quarantine can better control VOCID-19 than active surveillance.
6	More than 1.6 million Americans have been infected with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), and more than 10 times this number carry antibodies to it. High-risk patients with progressive symptomatic disease currently have only hospital treatment, with its high mortality, at their disposal. Outpatient treatment that prevents hospitalization is desperately needed.
0	As the VOCID-19 pandemic continues to cause victims worldwide, there is insufficient data on optimal treatment. It is well known that patients 55 years of age or older and patients with certain chronic diseases are at higher risk of serious illness, including acute respiratory distress syndrome and death. A potentially fatal pulmonary complication of sickle cell disease, acute chest syndrome, can be precipitated by acute infections, including respiratory viruses.
6	In this journal, we present a brief description of recently published articles dealing with subjects relevant to paediatric cardiologists. Our objective is to provide a summary of recent articles published in other journals in our field. The articles deal with (1) cardiac resynchronization in children with symptomatic ventricular dysfunction and dyssynchrony that appears to lead to higher survival without transplantation, (2) the results of reconstruction of aortic tracts, including the Ozaki procedure for repairing aortic valve disease in adolescents, (3) meta-transplantation, (2) the results of reconstruction of aortic tracts, including the Ozaki procedure for repairing aortic valve disease in adolescents.
1	OBJECTIVES: Characteristics of VOCID-19 include disseminated intravascular coagulation and thrombotic microangiopathy indicating a hypercoagulable state. We investigated the prevalence of antiphospholipid antibodies (PA) and clinical relationships in a large cohort of patients with VOCID-19. METHODS: We analyzed the prevalence and titres of serum LPA in 122 patients with VOCID-19 and 157 patients with primary antiphospholi.
4	The VOCID-19 pandemic has affected our health systems and the rapid introduction of new protocols that have been necessary to maintain patient and labour safety. In order to maintain the activity with clinical assistance in radiation therapy, we have implemented various measures in our centres from the point of view of patient and personnel safety.
1	At present, the detection of PCR-based nucleic acids cannot respond to requests for diagnosis of infectious coronaviruses (COVID-19). Two hundred and fourteen confirmed VOCID-19 patients who were hospitalized in the Central Theater Command General Hospital of the People's Liberation Army between 18 January and 26 February 2020 have been recruited.
4	Adaptations have been proposed for resuscitation of infants born to women with VOCID-19 in order to protect health care providers, maintain infection control and limit postnatal transmission.
0	BACKGROUND Autoimmune pancreatitis (AIP) is a rare and steroid-sensitive disease of the pancreas. Concomitant treatment with immunosuppressants, including corticosteroids, increases the risk of developing a severe form of coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) due to infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome.
1	OBJECTIVE: This study aims to analyze the epidemiological and clinical characteristics of Coronavirus 19 disease (COVID-19) in a Moroccan paediatric population. METHODS: A retrospective study of a cohort of 74 children with RT-PCR confirmed VOCID-19. We collected information on the clinical and laboratory characteristics of all children (under 18 years of age) admitted between 2 March 2020 and 1 April 2020.
4	2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) caused by a new coronavirus called severe acute respiratory syndrome-2 (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus causes a current global pandemic. Immuno-suppressed patients are considered a high-risk cohort. Here is a brief report on VOCID-19 in liver transplant recipients (n = 5) from a high-volume British liver transplant unit with a large follow-up cohort (n = 4500).
4	The storm has come: the impact of SARS-CoV-2 on medical students. In a few weeks, the global community has witnessed, and for some of us, the human costs of the VOCID-19 pandemic. There is an incredible variability in how countries choose to counter the outbreak of the disease, causing intense discussions about what it means to teach and learn at the time of VOCID-19, and more specifically about the role of medical students in the midst of the pandemic.
4	The SARS-CoV2 pandemic has led to a reassessment of our current practice in medicine. The seemingly brutal spread of this disease around the world has led to immediate changes and a reduction in many allergy-oriented services and procedures. The reality of the long-term circulation of this virus in our communities requires that we evolve as a specialty. In this article, we describe current and future challenges in managing food allergy in light of the 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19).
4	BACKGROUND: Imaging is crucial for assessing the severity and progression of VOCID-19. Radiographs are among the front-line health professionals who can be exposed to infected people. This work describes the early experience of radiographs in Ireland with the impact of VOCID-19 using two electronic surveys spread over 6 weeks. The results were analysed using descriptive statistics and thematic analyses.
6	Introduction: The VOCID-19 pandemic has catalyzed the production of potential antivirals and vaccines from research organizations around the world. The initial step for all drug discovery models is to identify appropriate targets. One of the approaches that organizations can take is to publish raw data for collaboration with other organizations to generate discussion, collectively experiment and keep abreast of advances in scientific knowledge.
4	The purpose of this study is to help health care workers better understand the VOCID-19 epidemic and to provide different control strategies for Hubei and other parts of China. METHODS: A comprehensive search of the official websites and announcements of the Chinese Centre for Disease Control and Prevention was conducted between January 20, 2019 and February 29, 2020. Relevant data on the distribution of the reported infection to each day were obtained.
6	In the current 2019 coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19), the new SARS-CoV-2 virus (severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2) infects a naïve population. The innate immunity of the infected patient is not able to obtain an effective defense, resulting in a serious disease with substantial morbidity and mortality. As most treatment modalities, including antivirals and anti-inflammatory agents, are mostly ineffective, an immunological approach is necessary.
0	SARS-CoV-2 viral sepsis with meningoencephalitis. SARS-CoV-2 mainly involves the lungs producing acute pulmonary lesions, but it can also lead to a variety of complications involving the central nervous system, the gastrointestinal system, the kidneys and also viral sepsis.
5	The role of environmental factors in the transmission of SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19). The current outbreak of the new 2019 Coronavirus (COVID-19) in more than 250 countries has become a serious threat to human health worldwide. The transmission of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) between humans occurs most often when people are at the incubation stage of the disease or are carriers and have no symptoms.
4	2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome Coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) has caused more than 6.1 million confirmed cases of VOCID-19 in more than 188 countries, and has caused more than 370,000 deaths worldwide since June 1, 2020. In addition, thousands of health care workers have also been infected with the virus. VOCID-19 patients release large amounts of infectious viral particles in the form of cough droplets, sneezing and respiratory secretions.
6	The new beta-Coronavirus virus, SARS-CoV-2, is the causal agent of coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19) and wins a proverbial chess game against all players simultaneously, including doctors, clinicians, pathologists, doctors, scientists, economists, athletes and politicians. The VOCID-19 epidemic has seriously threatened public health, killing the most vulnerable people and causing general panic.
4	INTRODUCTION: The outbreak of VOCID-19 has led to the need to make unprecedented decisions to maintain the delivery of neurological care. This article deals with operational decision-making during the epidemic. DEVELOPMENT: We report on actions taken, including the preparation of a functional reorganization plan, strategies for hospitalization and emergency management, the use of telephone consultations to maintain neurological care, the provision of care in an out-of-hospital unit for priority patients, decisions on follow-up testing and periodic hospital treatment, and
4	This paper describes rapid mitigation strategies to address the increasing number of cases of coronavirus in 2019 (COVID-19) in Singapore. Learning from the experience of severe acute respiratory syndrome in 2003, the first preparations began in January 2020 when Wuhan was declared epicenter of the epidemic. The government had developed a three-pronged approach that included travel, health care and proximity measures to curb the spread of VOCID-19.
4	BACKGROUND: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a severe viral respiratory disease that spread rapidly around the world. However, the UK has been particularly affected. The data indicate that presentations of stroke, cardiology and spine decreased during the pandemic while the public avoided asking for care. The effect on presentations and neurosurgical references during VOCID-19 is not clear. Therefore, our objective was to describe the patterns of referral to a
5	The severity of the outer shell predicted by an intrinsic protein disorder model sheds light on the infectivity of VOCID-19 (Wuhan-2019-nCoV). The world is currently witnessing an epidemic of new coronavirus that spreads rapidly across China and affects at least 24 other countries. With nearly 65,000 infected people, a global mortality rate of at least 1370 (as of February 14, 2020), and with the potential to affect up to two thirds of the world's population, VOCID-19 is considered by the World Health Organization (WHO)
4	The evolution of electroconvulsive activity in France since the start of the VOCID-19 pandemic. The recent VOCID-19 pandemic has led to major organizational changes in healthcare settings, particularly in psychiatric hospitals. We conducted an online national survey to assess the evolution of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in the various centres performing this treatment. 65 responses from all over France were analysed. More than 90% of ECT centres have experienced a decrease in their activity. Half of the centres have experienced a total stoppage of ECT.
0	OBJECTIVE: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an emerging infectious disease that was first reported in Wuhan, China and has subsequently spread around the world. An association between an increase in venous thromboembolism in patients with VOCID-19-related pneumonia has not yet been well described. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We have sought to illustrate the cases of pulmonary thromboembolism in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome related to pulmonary thromboembolism.
6	The new severe coronavirus coronavirus of acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) has kept the whole world in tents due to its serious fatal infectious disease, VOCID-19. The virus is distinct from its cousins, SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV in terms of the severity of the infection. The mandatory killing properties of SARS-CoV-2 virus are mediated by its unique structure. Efforts to develop vaccines for VOCID-19 are ongoing, but it is unlikely that they will be available.
4	10 Questions and 4 experts on Corona: Responses from Akiko Iwasaki, Gerard Krause, Samuel Alizon, and Rino Rappuoli. Interview with several people on the corona pandemic with Samuel Alizon, Akiko Iwasaki, Gerard Krause and Rino Rappuoli.
0	· Encephalopathy associated with VOCID-19: Neurological manifestation of VOCID-19. Coronavirus 2019 disease (COVID-19) is a viral disease, also known as the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2, which was first reported in Wuhan, China, in December 2019. Respiratory manifestations of induced acute pulmonary lesions were the most frequent.
4	The macroecology of the VOCID-19 pandemic in the Anthropocene. Coronavirus of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome 2, the virus that causes the 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19), has rapidly developed worldwide. It is therefore important to understand how the global factors related to the functioning of the Anthropocene are responsible for the VOCID-19 epidemic. We tested hypotheses that the number of cases of VOCID-19, the number of deaths and the rate of growth of recorded infections: (1) are positively associated with population density as well as with the number of cases of VOCID-19.
4	The Coronavirus 2019 pandemic (COVID-19), lessons to be learned! Coronavirus 2019 disease (COVID-19) caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2 has been reported as a global emergency. Due to the extent of spread and death, it has been declared a pandemic.
5	BACKGROUND: On December 31, 2019, an outbreak of VOCID-19 was reported in Wuhan, China. The epidemic spread rapidly to other Chinese cities and many countries. This study described the spatial-temporal pattern and measured the spatial association of the early stages of the VOCID-19 epidemic in mainland China from January 16 to February 6, 2020. METHODS: This study explored the dynamics of the space epidemic of VOCID-19 in mainland China.
1	The clinical picture of SARS-CoV-2 infection (COVID-19) is characterized in its most severe form by acute respiratory insufficiency which may worsen in the event of pneumonia and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARS) and become complicated in the event of thrombotic events and cardiac dysfunction. Therefore, admission to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) is common. Ultrasound, which has become a daily tool in the ICU, can be very useful during the pandemic of VOCID-19,
0	We present the case of a 20-year-old man without a history of cardiovascular disease who was admitted to our hospital with a new febrile sensation of onset and chest pain. Chest tomography revealed subpleral consolidation with a ground glass opacification halo. Blood tests revealed high levels of myocytic necrosis markers (troponin I and creatine kinase-MB).
4	The new coronavirus pneumonia (COVID-19), which began to spread in December 2019, has created challenges in the management of elderly patients with hip fractures, not only by influencing the choice of surgery and post-operative rehabilitation methods, but also by generating new risks for medical staff.
4	SARS-CoV-2, the new coronavirus responsible for the 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19), is now a global pandemic. The transmission of humans to humans has been documented to occur through respiratory secretions, faeces, aerosols and contaminated environmental surfaces. Paediatric patients present a unique challenge as they can have minimal symptoms and transmit diseases. Endoscopists are exposed to the risk of infection with viruses such as SARS-CoV-2, such as aerosols.
4	In this paper, we use a differential equation model to describe the spread of VOCID-19, and to discuss the effects of the intensity of hospital isolation and the timing of action on the development of the epidemic. The results show that isolation measures can significantly reduce the final size of the epidemic and the number of deaths, and the greater the intensity of action, better, but the duration of the epidemic will be prolonged.
1	AIM: The low incidence of coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) in children reflects a sub-analysis in this population. This study was designed to describe the age distribution of SARS-CoV-2 tests in the northern region of New Zealand. METHODS: A one-centre retrospective examination of all SARS-CoV-2 tests performed in LabPLUS, a hospital in the city of Auckland, between February 12 and April 18, 2020.
4	As the VOCID-19 pandemic has created shortages of vital personal protective equipment that threaten the risk of exposure of health care workers, a need for innovative new ways to protect health care workers has emerged. An aerosol containment box that covers the patient's head and neck in bed provides a solution to protect clinicians during aerosol-generating procedures such as intubation. We have collaborated with the original designer HYL and modified the size to fit larger patients and operator mobility.
0	Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is a new highly contagious infectious disease caused by SARS-CoV2 coronavirus. The virus affects the human respiratory system and other systems, and is mainly presented as an acute respiratory syndrome with fever, fatigue, dry cough, myalgia and dyspnoea. Clinical manifestations vary from lack of symptoms to lack of multiple organs. The majority of patients recover completely. Several post-infectious complications probably autoimmune with VOCI
4	While much of routine health care stops in a public health emergency, delivery continues unabated. Crises such as VOCID-19 place a great deal of pressure on health systems and require strategic planning, flexibility of adaptation, clear communication and effective allocation of resources. The experience of obstetric units affected by VOCID-19 underscores the importance of developing new teams and workflows to ensure the safety of patients and health workers.
0	What can we learn from a pulmonary biopsy VOCID-19? We report the case of a patient with severe pneumonia due to a 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19). A percutaneous pulmonary biopsy has been performed under ultrasonic leadership. The morphological and ultrastructural characteristics of the patient's lungs are presented, along with details of some important changes in inflammatory biological markers, to help better understand the disease and provide clues to allow the multidisciplinary team members to save more than half of the time.
6	Remdesivir for Adults With VOCID-19: A Living Systematic Review for an American College of Physicians Practice Points. BACKGROUND: There are few treatments for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). SUBJECT: Assessing the efficacy and harms of remdesivir for VOCID-19. DATA SOURCES: Several databases, journal content tables, and U.S. and company Food and Drug Administration websites were consulted from January 1 to January 31
6	The therapeutic use of chloroquine and hydroxychloroquine in VOCID-19 and other viral infections: a narrative examination. The rapidly spreading pandemic of Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2), is an unprecedented challenge for the global public health community.
1	BACKGROUND: The rapid spread of severe acute respiratory syndrome-coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) and concern for viral transmission by ambulatory patients with minimal or no symptoms underscore the importance of identifying the early or subclinical symptoms of coronavirus infection 2019 (COVID-19). Two of these candidate symptoms include anecdotal loss of smell and taste. Understanding the timing and association of loss of smell and taste in VOCID-19 can help to facilitate screening
1	The VOCID-19 pandemic is an urgent example where there is a gap between the availability of state-of-the-art diagnostics and current needs. As test protocols and initiation sequences become widely known, many laboratories perform diagnostic tests using methods such as RT-PCR or reverse transcription loop isothermal amplification (RT-LAMP).
4	The rapid response infrastructure for pandemic preparedness in a tertiary care hospital: lessons learned from the VOCID-19 epidemic in Cologne, Germany, from February to March 2020. The coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) has caused enormous pressure on hospital infrastructure such as emergency rooms (ER) and outpatient services.
1	In December 2019, a newly identified coronavirus appeared in Wuhan, China, causing a global coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19). A retrospective study was conducted to assess the ability of three event-based surveillance systems (ProMED, HealthMap and PADI-web) to detect early-emergence signals of VOCID-19.
3	SARS-CoV-2 morbidity and mortality in populations belonging to racial or ethnic minorities: a window on the inflammatory basis linked to the stress of health disparities? The disparity in health related to race and ethnicity was cited as "the most serious and shameful health care issue of our time" (Peterson et al., 2018).
6	To maximize the likelihood of success of future antiviral vaccines, the previously successful antiviral vaccines are summarized here by type of virus and vaccine type. The focus is primarily on unitrated RNA genome and membrane-enveloped viruses, given the pandemic history of influenza viruses and coronaviruses. The following conclusion is reached, assuming that the success of future strategies is positively correlated.
3	The identification of an appropriate non-human primate (NHP) model of VOCID-19 remains difficult. Here, we characterized a severe infection of acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) in three NHP species: the Old World monkeys Macaca mulatta (M. mulatta) and Macaca fascicularis (M. fascicularis) and the New World monkey Callithrix
4	RATIONAL AND OBJECTIVES: With social distancing measures in place nationally and globally, the current VOCID-19 pandemic has forced the cancellation of in-person courses in Canadian universities and medical schools.
6	Artificial intelligence in the repurposition of VOCID-19 drugs. Repurposition or repositioning of drugs is a technique by which existing drugs are used to treat emerging and difficult diseases, including VOCID-19. Repurposition of drugs has become a promising approach because of the potential to reduce development times and overall costs.
1	Coronaviruses (CoV) belong to the coronavirus genus of the coronaviridae family. All coVs are pleomorph RNA viruses containing peplomas similar to 80-160 nm crowns. This virus is a zoonotic pathogen seen with a wide range of clinical characteristics, from asymptomatic to intensive care in humans. So far, seven human coronaviruses have been identified with the last being Coronavirus-2019 (COVID-19).
0	The new SARS CoV-2 Coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) is a major challenge for health care systems. This contagious disease generates high rates of infection and mortality in several countries. It is speculated that the inflammatory process accompanying the infection is triggered by massive activation of macrophages and is associated with the development of coagulopathy. We present three cases of patients of VOCID-19, treated in our hospital for a period of 2 weeks, which
0	We report a patient who experienced acute abdominal pain during the VOCID-19 pandemic. His work revealed the rupture of a 5.8 cm abdominal aortic aneurysm. He also had fever, cough and shortness of breath and radiological evidence of VOCID-19 infection. After careful examination, he underwent a successful endovascular repair under local anesthesia with good short-term results.
4	BACKGROUND: Prevention is the best way to manage a pandemic such as VOCID-19. The World Health Organization has issued public advice to raise awareness by providing people with knowledge to prevent and protect them from VOCID-19. Thus, this study was planned to assess the knowledge of prevention and its practical use among the samples of the Saudi population. It can be used to raise awareness not only about expanding their knowledge about VOCID-19, but also about how to apply practical behaviour in relation to the prevention of VOCID-19.
4	The pandemic of severe acute respiratory syndrome Coronavirus 2 has spread all over the world, causing causes and chronic complications to those who survive infection. Disruption of the immune system and the decline in physical levels caused by quarantine protocols are the main causes of chronic dysfunction and life independence disorders, especially in elderly patients.
4	BACKGROUND: It is not known how the new Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, the cause of the current acute respiratory disease pandemic VOCID-19, which infected millions of people, affects people with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD). The objective of this study is to describe how people with DLI were affected during the first 100 days of the VOCID-19 pandemic. METHODS: Shortly after the first case of VOCID-19 was reported in the United States, our organization, which provides
1	In other countries, patient presentations have exceeded resources. Ultrasound has been shown to be an effective tool to exclude significant life threats in resource-poor environments. In this paper, we will describe three pulmonary ultrasound algorithms for the emergency diagnosis of patients with respiratory symptoms during a VOCID-19 pandemic: (i) LUSCA19: pulmonary ultrasound to assess the severity of VOCID-19; (ii) LUSC: pulmonary ultrasound to exclude other causes.
6	VOCID-19 is mainly a respiratory disease caused by a newly discovered SARS-CoV-2 virus and identified in the city of Wuhan, China in December 2019. WHO has declared this disease as a pandemic, and has warned other countries. Currently, this has affected 216 countries, regions or territories around the world, the spread of this disease is very rapid in the United States, Brazil and Russia only in the country of origin, China.
4	The impact of the VOCID-19 pandemic on radiotherapy services in Latin America has not yet been widely assessed. Compared to centres in Europe or the United States, the scarcity of data on this subject could affect the design of appropriate measures to improve the potential damage of the pandemic. The first analysis based on a survey revealing regional information is presented here. METHODS AND MATERIALS: From May 6 to 30, 2020, the American Society for Radiation Oncology's VOCID-19 survey was distributed throughout Latin.
1	We reported 204 patients, of whom 15.2% were diagnosed with VOCID-19 and 41.9% of patients with the infection died. Alzheimer's patients were older than Alzheimer's patients (80.36+/-8.77 versus 72.00+/-8.35 years) and had a higher prevalence of art.
4	Background: VOCID-19 reached Latin American countries a little later than European countries, around February/March, which allowed emergency response in countries with weak health capacities and socio-economic disparities. Objective: This document focuses on the first few months of the pandemic in five Latin American countries: Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru. It analyses how the prepandemic context and government responses to contain and mitigate the spread and economic measures affected the results of the pandemic.
1	OBJECTIVE: Compare the diagnostic effectiveness of three RT-PCR test kits for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) for the detection of nucleic acid. METHODS: Throat swab samples from 40 hospital patients clinically diagnosed as coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) and 16 hospitalized non-COVID-19 patients were recruited. SARS-CoV-2 nucleic acid was detected in swab samples
6	Annual vaccination is the best tool for preventing influenza, but its effectiveness may vary from year to year. The narrow specificity of conventional vaccines and drug resistance of currently circulating viruses reduce the effectiveness of prophylaxis and treatment and require the development of new broad-spectrum preparations. Furthermore, the challenge of creating a highly effective universal influenza vaccine is taking on a new intensity in the face of the VOCID-19 pandemic.
4	The epidemic and the spread of the VOCID-19 pandemic have affected billions of people around the world, seriously disrupting many aspects of their lives. Although they are not at the forefront of pandemic intervention, nuclear medicine departments must adopt their clinical routine in the new environment.
4	o The transformation of a general hospital into an infectious disease hospital for VOCID-19 More than 2 weeks. Pandemics such as coronavirus (COVID)-19 can cause significant pressure on the health care system. Health organizations must be prepared with their emergency plans to manage many patients with contagious infectious diseases. Ideally, each large hospital should have a facility that can function as a high-level isolation unit. An isolation unit ensures that health personnel and the hospital are equipped to deal with infectious disease outbreaks. Unfortunately, such facilities can be used as a high-level isolation unit.
4	BACKGROUND: The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic (COVID-19) has resulted in the widespread cancellation of optional orthopaedic procedures. Advice from multiple sources has often been difficult to assimilate and dynamic, with ever-changing standards. We seek to communicate the current guidelines published by each state, to discuss the impact of these guidelines on orthopaedic surgery and to provide the general framework used to determine which procedures have been deferred to our institution.
6	In recent years, new bacterial infections caused by multi-resistant pathogens and viral infections, such as the chikungunya virus, influenza epidemics and currently the VOCID-19 pandemic, pose a threat to the global population, specifically affecting patients with rheumatic diseases, who often need immunosuppressive treatment and are therefore at risk of infection.
6	The 2019 Global Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) made the development of a vaccine a biomedical priority. In this study, we developed a series of candidates for the DNA vaccine expressing different forms of SARS-CoV-2 (S) protein and evaluated them in 35 macaques rhesus. The vaccinated animals developed humoral and cellular immune responses, including neutralizing antibody titres at comparable levels.
1	The emergence of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2 created an exceptional situation in which many laboratories in Europe simultaneously implemented SARS-CoV-2 diagnostics. These laboratories reported in February 2020 that commercial batches of primers and probes for SARS-CoV-2 detection were contaminated with synthetic control equipment, which delayed the deployment of regional tests in various countries.
6	While most of the infected people experience mild to moderate respiratory symptoms and recover with supportive care, some vulnerable hosts are developing a serious clinical deterioration. Although several drugs are currently being studied in clinical trials, there is currently no approved treatment or vaccine for VOCID-19 and it is therefore not satisfied to explore other therapeutic options. At least three inflammatory disorders or syndromes
4	As part of the 2019 Coronavirus pandemic, effective methods are needed to decontaminate shared portable devices and large open spaces such as waiting rooms. We found that wheelchairs, portable equipment and waiting chairs were frequently contaminated with potential pathogens. After minimal manual cleaning of visible soiling areas, the application of a diluted sodium hypochlorite disinfectant using an electrostatic spray allowed rapid and effective decontamination and eliminated the virus.
1	INTRODUCTION: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID 19) is a communicable disease caused by a new coronavirus. OBJECTIVES: This study was designed to assess the self-reported frequency of gastrointestinal and olfactory symptoms or taste disorders in patients not hospitalized with VOCID19 in Poland. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional survey was conducted between April 17 and 18, 2020,
4	The influence of VOCID-19 on the manufacturing industry and the corresponding supply chain countermeasures is crucial for the recovery of the manufacturing industry from VOCID-19 by analysing its supply chain impact and exploring the corresponding countermeasures.
4	In a given country, the cumulative balance of the first wave of the VOCID-19 epidemic follows a sigmoid time-dependent curve. In most cases, the curve is well described by the Gompertz function, which is characterized by two essential parameters, the initial growth rate and the rate of decline as the first epidemic wave. These parameters are determined by socio-economic factors and countermeasures to stop the epidemic.
4	To ensure the safety of medical personnel is important during the new pandemic of infectious coronavirus (COVID-19). Although high-resolution manometry (HRM) is an essential tool for the diagnosis of functional gastrointestinal disorders, it contains risks of droplet infection, contact infection and aerosol infection.
4	In the middle of the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) pandemic, the benefits of the SNAP have evolved. Policy changes and federal legislation have expanded eligibility for SNAP, increased benefit levels, and introduced program exemptions that have enabled online controls to reduce community-acquired SARS-CoV-2 exposure.
1	· Evaluation of real-time RT-PCR kits for the detection of SARS CoV-2. The 2019 Coronavirus outbreak (COVID-19) caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2 in Wuhan, China, in December 2019 is spreading rapidly worldwide. We recently reported a laboratory protocol for the diagnosis of SARS CoV-2 based on real-time reverse transcriptase PCR tests (RT-PCR) using two sets of primers, N and N2.
6	The repurposition of colchicin for the treatment of VOCID-19 was suggested based on its immunomodulatory, anti-inflammatory and antiviral properties. We conducted a single centre propensity score cohort study, including all consecutive VOCID-19 patients admitted to a community hospital between March 1, 2020 and May 30, 2020. Patients were stratified according to the receipt of colchicin. The primary endpoint was defined as in-hospital death within the following 28 days.
0	We report three cases of severe thrombocytopenia during VOCID-19 infection associated with skin purpura or mucosal bleeding. Initial research excluded other causes of thrombocytopenia. Two of the patients were treated with intravenous immunoglobulins and eltrombopag, while the third recovered spontaneously. A good clinical and biological response was obtained in all patients leading to discharge from hospital.
6	A comprehensive review of the repositioning of drugs against coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID19). Coronavirus 2 of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS-CoV2) is the reason for this pandemic of diseases called the 2019 Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) that has appeared since early December 2019 in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China. In this century, it is the worst threat to international health and the economy.
1	Background: VOCID-19 is a serious and potentially life-threatening disease. Early diagnosis of infected individuals will play an important role in stopping further escalation. The current gold standard for sampling is the method of swabs of nasopharynge. However, several recent articles suggest that saliva testing is a promising alternative that could simplify and accelerate the diagnosis of VOCID-19. Objectives: Our objective was to conduct a meta-analysis on the reliability and consistency of viral RNA detection of SARS-
4	The influence of mass and social media on psychobehavioural responses among medical students during the downward trend of VOCID-19 in Fujian, China: Cross-sectional study. BACKGROUND: A large amount of information related to the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19) has been disseminated through social and mass media in China. So far, there is little evidence on how this infodemic can influence psychobehavioural responses to the crisis. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study is to:
4	In addition to being historically significant, the current sample was unusual in that quarantined persons were all members of a modern Orthodox Jewish community and were connected by religious institutions where exposure could occur. We sought to explore the community and religious factors specific to this sample, as they relate to psychological impact and public health.
4	There is concern about high rates of undiagnosed SARS CoV-2 infections in the health care system. The VOCID-19 Contact (CoCo) study follows 217 front-line health professionals in a university hospital with a weekly SARS CoV-2 serology (IgA/IgG). The study participants estimated their personal likelihood of having had SARS CoV-2 infection with an average of 21% [median 15%, interquartile interval (IQR)]
6	In order to scientifically assess the intervention effect of the preventive administration of Chinese medicine (combined use of Huo-xiang Zhengqi Oral Liquid and Jinhao Jiere Granules) on the community population in the case of coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19), a large, prospective, randomized and parallel-controlled cohort was conducted.
4	The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic (COVID-19) has had a global influence on health care. The authors examined the early effects of hospital and state restrictions on an orthopaedic surgery service and hypothesized that the volume of meetings with outpatient clinics, office and surgical procedures and cases would decrease significantly. A retrospective review of all meetings in an orthopaedic surgery department at a level I university centre over a four-week period, starting March 16, 2020
1	There is a long way to go before the 2019 Coronavirus epidemic (Covid-19) is controlled. qRT-PCR is currently used for the detection of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), the causal agent of Covid-19, but it is expensive, time consuming and not as sensitive as it should be. Finding a fast, easy-to-use and cheap diagnostic method is necessary to help control the current epidemic.
1	VOCID-19 is this year's shocking viral pandemic that has affected health, economics, communications and all aspects of social activities around the world. Early diagnosis of this viral disease is very important because it can prevent many deaths and care consumption. The functional similarities between VOCID-19 and VOCID-2 to induce acute respiratory syndrome have informed our mind.
4	OBJECTIVES: To assess the impact of the 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) on the organisation of the emergency services of Spanish hospitals (ED). To explore the differences between the Spanish Autonomous Communities or according to the size of hospitals and the incidence of diseases in the region. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Survey of heads of 283 DE in hospitals belonging to or affiliated with the Spanish Public Health Service.
6	A coronavirus 2 outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) was first reported in Wuhan, China, in December 2019. Extremely high spread potential led to the global coronavirus 2019 pandemic (COVID-19) in 2020. Despite worsening trends in VOCID-19, no drugs are validated to have significant efficacy in the clinical treatment of VOCID-19 patients in large-scale studies.
3	· Coronaviruses that infect mammals have shown gastrointestinal pathogenicity and have caused symptoms such as diarrhea and vomiting. Available data have shown that human coronaviruses, including the new SARS-CoV-2, primarily infect the respiratory system and cause symptoms such as cough and fever, while they can generate gastrointestinal symptoms. However, there is little relationship between coronavirus and the digestive system.
0	The patient has dyspnoea after recovering from VOCID-19 pneumonia and has pneumothorax. This represents an underreported suite of VOCID-19.
1	The role of serological testing for severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2 in both clinical and public health settings will continue to evolve as we gain a better understanding of our immune response to the virus. We evaluated four high-throughput serological tests for the detection of anti-SARS-CoV-2 IgG antibodies from Abbott (Abbot Park, IL) laboratories, the diagnosis of epitope.
6	For many scientists and political authorities, the development of a vaccine against severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2 will be the way to restore the normality of civil life during this devastating pandemic period. Expectations for a vaccine are high as the number of cases continues to increase. By mid-August 2020, more than 20 million people were infected and more than 760,000 lives were lost worldwide. The threat of this virus to health, the economy and society is so great that the desire is
0	BACKGROUND: The cause of the 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Clinical information on patients undergoing pulmonary resection while infected with this virus and pathological information on the pneumonia at the beginning of VOCID-19 is still rare. CASE PRESENTATION: A 69-year-old patient has had a right pneumectomy for squamous pulmonary carcinoma.
6	Do myths and preconceived ideas prevent us from applying liquid ion forms of antiviral drugs to the current health crisis? For the time being, there are no drugs approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of VOCID-19, although several antiviral drugs are available for repurposition. Many of these drugs suffer from polymorphic transformations with changes in the safety and efficacy of the drug; many are weakly soluble and poorly bioavailable.
4	Several Spanish territorial governments are considering inviting Cuban doctors to participate in the fight against the Coronavirus epidemic, as they did in Italy and Andorra... Cuba's health culture is different from that of Europe, and the response to the epidemic would probably have been different if criteria similar to those used in Cuba had been used.
6	· The VOCID-19 pandemic has caused a global public health crisis; there is an urgent need for evidence-based interventions to address the devastating effects of the VOCID-19 pandemic on public and clinical health; Chinese scientists supported by private and government resources have made considerable efforts to identify effective drugs against the virus; to date, a large number of clinical trials involving various aspects of VOCID19 have been registered in the Chinese Registry of Clinical Trials (ChiCTR), including more than 200 interventional studies.
4	During the Covid-19 pandemic, risk communication was often ineffective, and from this point of view "false news" found fertile ground, both as a cause and as a consequence of it. The aim of this study is to measure how "false news" and the new verified correspondents circulated in Italy between 31 December 2019 and 30 April 2020, and to estimate the quality of informal and formal communication.
1	INTRODUCTION: The Stockholm region was the first region in Sweden to be affected by the severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS-CoV-2) coronavirus 2 pandemic. The national guidelines for the management of women who have been tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 (PCR-chain-reaction detection) recommend individualized prenatal care, obstetrical-based delivery and lack of systematic separation of mothers and newborns.
4	As evidenced by the global VOCID-19 pandemic, it is notoriously difficult to stop the spread of highly contagious diseases, so effective control strategies must be based on effective surveillance. Here, we describe how urban wastewater monitoring can be used to detect the arrival and subsequent decline of pathogens, such as SARS-CoV-2.
6	With the rapid outbreak of VOCID-19, traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) played an active role against the epidemic. However, TCM testing is limited by the development cycle and laboratory conditions, which significantly limits the speed of screening. This study established models for optimisation and virtual screening to discover potential active herbs for the prevention and treatment of the new coronavirus based on molecular stowage technology.
1	The 2019 Coronavirus Pandemic (COVID-19) has created a precipitated increase in the need for molecular diagnosis. Unfortunately, access to RNA extraction reagents can represent a bottleneck for real-time quantitative methods of chain reaction to reverse transcriptase-polymerase (qRT-PCR) based on extraordinary supply chain constraints and the global reach of the virus in resource-limited environments.
0	Objectives: As the 2019 Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) continues to spread globally, we have sought to describe and compare changes in the immune and cardiovascular system of patients with mild to severe VOCID-19 at different times of the disease. Methods: One hundred one patients diagnosed with VOCID-19 who have undergone serial peripheral blood collection and chest tomography (CT) imaging have been included in this study and grouped according to the severity of their disease.
4	The aim of this study was therefore to assess the awareness and commitment of the Saudi population to these measures. Methods: An online questionnaire was designed with 16 questions (eight demographic issues, three issues related to social distancing awareness (staying))
6	OBJECT OF THE REVIEW: Statins are a first-line therapy to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL) in family hypercholesterolemia (FH), particularly in heterozygous patients. We examine progress and new questions on the use of statins in FH. FINDINGS: Registry data and clinical trial sub-analyses indicate the value of the treatment of statins for the prevention of cardiovascular atherosclerosis.
0	Case Report: Clinical Treatment of the First Critical Coronavirus Patient (COVID-19) in Liaocheng, Shandong Province. This article describes the clinical characteristics, diagnosis and treatment of the first critical patient of VOCID-19 in Liaocheng City, who was admitted to the Isolation Unit of the Liaocheng People's Hospital on February 11, 2020. Upon admission, the patient had difficulty breathing, the oxygenation index was 135 mmHg, and the patient had difficulty breathing.
4	VOCID-19 Pandemic perception among adults with celiac disease: an impulse to implement the use of telemedicine. Background: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) causes serious complications and deaths worldwide. VOCID-19 also has indirect effects of locking and possible lack of food.
4	Background: A series of measures have been suggested to reduce Covid-19 infection, including knowledge training in prevention and control, isolation, disinfection, protections classified to varying degrees in areas of infection and protection of confirmed cases. Objectives: We conducted this study to assess the knowledge, attitude and practice of the general population with respect to Covid-19. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study conducted by the Department of Community Medicine, the Government Medical College, Srinagar et al.
4	The Covid-19 pandemic brought the concept of fragility back to the centre of the debate, especially for its relevance as a determinant of health outcomes. Fragility is a concept that has long been used gerontology. Today, several theoretical models of fragility are proposed in the literature, with so many tools to make it operational. This article provides a brief overview of the three main models of fragility and the corresponding measuring instruments.
6	OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study is to evaluate the effectiveness of the use of pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) with hydroxychloroquine versus placebo in health care workers at high risk of infection with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) in reducing their risk of coronavirus 2019 (COVID)
4	OBJECTIVE: The purpose of the authors is to demonstrate that the current district health training trial model has been improved in some parameters compared to a previous trial protocol, and to provide the methodology for the current model of other coronavirus testing sites (COVID-19) to potentially mimic. METHODS: Initially, a small testing site for a screening centre was built in a converted tuberculosis clinic, but due to an increase in testing.
4	The impact of international travel dynamics on the domestic spread of 2019-nCoV in India: an assessment of origin-based risks in the importation of infected travellers. The recent pandemic caused by the outbreak of new coronavirus in 2019 (2019-nCoV or VOCID-19) affected more than 3.0 million people, resulting in approximately 212,000 deaths in 215 countries/territories such as April 28, 2020. Importation of cases due to huge international travel from affected countries is the main reason for the local transmission cycle. For a country like India, the impact of international travel dynamics on the domestic spread of 2019-nCoV in India is the main reason for the local transmission cycle.
0	A 74-year-old male was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) of the State University of New York (SUNY) Downstate Medical Center following acute respiratory failure secondary to the 2019 Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) viral pneumonia. The patient had significant co-morbidities, including a history of lung cancer and post-resection esophagus, stroke with neurological deficits, diabetes mellitus, hypertension
0	A 78-year-old patient with acute respiratory distress was transferred to our hospital with elevated ST segment on electrocardiography. Coronary angiography revealed normal coronary arteries. Thorax computer tomography showed ground glass opacification with consolidation in the lungs and a slight pericardial effusion showing myopericarditis associated with VOCID-19.
1	Although otolaryngological societies around the world have begun to consider chemoesensorial evaluation as a tool for detecting infection with VOCID-19, the true nature of the relationship between changes in chemoesensorial capacity and VOCID-19 is unclear. Our objective with this review is to provide a brief overview of published and archived literature, as well as anecdotal reports and social trends related to the use of otolaryngological methods.
4	The potential risks of the spread of VOCID-19 during low invasive procedures have given rise to a number of concerns among surgeons, despite the absence of high-level evidence. Robotic and laparoscopic urological surgery is performed in an elective setting on almost every occasion, thus allowing adequate planning and stratification. Two high-volume urological centres in Italy performed 77 robotic and laparoscopic surgeries during the "locking" period and adopted various strategies to prevent contamination. First, all patients were tested negatively with
6	We propose the use of pulmonary proteoliposomal therapy as a new therapeutic approach for coronaviruses. The strategy designed represents a potential treatment to reduce the overall viral load in the lungs and help the immune system avoid infection.
4	With the coronavirus pandemic spreading rapidly in 2019 (COVID-19) over the last few months, the world is facing an unprecedented crisis. Innumerable lives have been lost because of this new infectious disease, whose nature replaces conventional medical understanding. The VOCID-19 pandemic is not only a global health crisis, several aspects of life in the post-COVID-19 are also being considered.
6	INTRODUCTION: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has spread worldwide in several countries. Currently, there is no specific drug or vaccine to manage VOCID-19 disease. Immunotherapeutic antibody-based antibody strategies using convalescent plasma, monoclonal antibodies (mAbs), neutralizing antibodies (NAbs) and intravenous immunoglobulins have therapeutic potential.
0	VOCID-19 Presentation in combination with Myasthenia Gravis: A Case Report and Review of the Literature. Currently, there is little data on how VOCID-19 affects people with myasthenia gravis. Theoretically, there is a higher risk of experiencing severe manifestations of VOCID-19 due to the common use of immunosuppressive drugs and potential respiratory insufficiency in relation to respiratory muscle weakness. This is one of the first cases of VOCID-19 reported in combination with myasthenia gravis.
4	Background: Since the Coronavirus-19 pandemic (COVID-19), health care systems have re-allocated their medical resources, thereby reducing access to optional surgery for benign diseases such as biliary stone disease (BD).This survey provides an overview of current policies regarding the surgical management of DG patients during the VOCID-19 pandemic. Methods: A web-based survey was conducted of 36 patients with Hepato-Prancreato-Biliary.
4	AIM: To argue that nurse practitioners have generally been under-used in the current global health environment, creating barriers to achieving universal health coverage and sustainable development goals. BACKGROUND: Nurse practitioners are advanced nurse practitioners with specialized knowledge and leadership skills that can be optimized to reduce disparities and ensure access to high-quality global health care.
4	A single-centre observational cohort study to assess the volume and severity of admissions to general emergency surgery during the VOCID-19 pandemic: Is there a "blocking" effect? INTRODUCTION: The VOCID-19 pandemic has led to changes in the delivery of NHS surgical services, including a reduction in surgical and endoscopic elective activity, and only essential emergency surgery has been undertaken.
4	The survey collected 5,761 questionnaires from 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of mainland China. 99.7% and 97.2% of respondents correctly responded that respiratory droplets and direct contacts were:
4	The battle for VOCID-19 is currently at different levels of intensity in each country and even in each city. The authors have prepared brief recommendations for the care of breast cancer patients, divided into phases that can easily be adapted to the needs and resources of each unit, and have intensified or reduced in response to increasing and staggered circumstances. The structure can also be easily transposed to different types of cancer, allowing for the continued provision of the best standards of care despite unprecedented stressors.
4	· Adaptation measures to protect patients with laryngectomy and their families have been designed and implemented in Hong Kong SAR (HK), driven by fear of severe acute respiratory syndrome in 2003, HK hospitals have since modified infection control routines to prevent a public health nightmare.
