14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Partial tear of the wrist of the rotator, left shoulder., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Partial tear of the wrist of the rotator, left shoulder., PERFORMED PROCEDURE:, Left shoulder arthroscopy with debridement of the wrist of the arthroscopic rotator, soft tissue decompression of the subacromial space of the left shoulder.,ANESTHSIE:,Scalene block with general anesthesia.,LOSS
5	HISTORY: A is a 55-year-old that I know well because I take care of her husband. She comes to discuss a screening colonoscopy. Her last colonoscopy was in 2002, and at that time she was told that it was essentially normal. Nevertheless, she has a strong family history of colon cancer, and that has been almost four to five years, so she wants to have a repeated colonoscopy. I told her that the interval was appropriate and that it was logical to do so. She denies it.
17	A 37-year-old German woman was taken to a shock room in the general hospital with a decrease in shortness of breath and cough. In the year before admission, the patient had begun to feel the insidious appearance of shortness of breath. She had smoked half a pack of cigarettes a day for 20 years, but had stopped smoking about 2 months before admission. About 2 weeks before admission, she noted a worsening of shortness of breath and the development of a dry non-productive cough.
9	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Metastatic renal cell carcinoma., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Metastatic renal cell carcinoma., PROCESS PERFORMANCE:, left metastatic renal cell carcinoma metastasectomy with additional mediastinal dissection of lymph nodes and additional fibre optic bronchoscopy used to confirm the appropriate location of the double lumen endotracheal tube with a tube thoracostomy, which was
9	The patient received a total of 5 mg of Versetd, 20 mg of etomidate and 10 mg of vivreronium. He was intubated in a single attempt.
4	The tumour was very difficult due to its size and adherence to the brain stem and nervous complex. The case took 12 hours.
1	DIAGNOSIS ON ADMISSION:, Gastrointestinal bleeding.,DIAGNOSIS ON DISCHARGE,1. Gastrointestinal bleeding, unknown source, but possibly due to internal hemorrhoids.,2. Cardiovascular atherosclerosis.,3. Hypothyroidism.,PROCEDURAL:, Colonoscopy.,FINDANCE:, Bad preparation with friable internal hemorrhoids, but no serious lesions, no source of bleeding.,HOSPITAL COURSES:
3	OBJECTIVE: The patient is present with mom and dad for his control of a 1 year old child. The family has no concern that the patient has been doing well overall since the last visit in a balanced diet consisting of a formula of transition to whole milk, fruits, vegetables, proteins and grains. Normal model of cancellation and stool. No worries with hearing or vision. Growth and development: Denver II normal passing all stages of development by age in the areas of motor interaction, raw motor
16	EXAM:, Breast PA & Lateral.,REASON FOR EXAM:, Breathlessness, evaluate for pneumothorax versus effusion left side.,INTERPRETATION:,There has been development of an interval of a pneumothorax left side moderate with an almost complete collapse of the upper left lobe. The lower lobe seems aerated. There is a stable, diffuse and bilateral interstitial thickening without acute consolidation of the airspace. The heart and pulmonary vasculity are within normal limits.
15	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Grade III Ta TIS transient carcinoma of the urinary bladder.,2. Obstructive symptoms of output of the lower tract secondary to benign prostatic hypertrophy.,3. Inability to pass a Foley x3 catheter.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Grade III Ta TIS transient carcinoma of the urinary bladder.,2. Obstructive symptoms of output of the lower tract secondary to benign prostatic hypertrophy.,3.
9	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Foreign body in the respiratory tract., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Plastic part foreign body in the main stem right bronchus.,PROCEDURAL:, Rigid Bronchoscopy with removal of the foreign body.,INDICATIONS FOR PROCEDURE:, This patient is a 7-month-old boy who presented to the emergency room today with increasing stridor and shortness of breath according to the mother. The patient had a chest X-ray and on the basis that there is a concern by the radio
9	SPIROMETRY:, Spirometry reveals that the FVC is adequate.,FEV1 is also normal at 98% predicted and the FVC is 90.5% predicted. FEF25-75% is also within normal limits at 110% predicted. FEV1/FVC ratio is within normal limits at 108% predicted.,After the use of the bronchodilator, there is some improvement with 10%. MVV is within normal limits.,VOLUMES LUNG:, shows the total lung capacity to be normal. RV as well as
9	In addition, this premature baby with an operating weight of 600 grams and proof of pulmonary persistence on circulation and failure to prosper has been diagnosed with a large arteriosus patent channel originating from the left aortic arch. It has now been put forward for operational intervention.,PREOP DIAGNOSIS:,1. arteriosus patent channel.,2. Severe prematurity.,
7	XYZ, O.D.,RE: ABC,DOB: MM/JJ/AYYY,Cher XYZ: Thank you very much for your kind recommendation from Mrs ABC that you referred to me for narrow angles and possibly associated glaucoma. I examined Ms ABC initially on MM/JJ/AYYY. At that time, she expressed a main concern for occasional pain around her eye, but denied any flashing light, floaters, halos, or real eyebrow pain.
9	DUPLEX ULTRASOUND OF LEGS,RIGHT LEG:, Duplex imaging was performed according to a normal protocol with an imaging probe of 7.5 Mhz using an ultrasound in mode B. Deep veins were represented at the level of the common femoral and poplitary veins. All deep veins showed compressibility without evidence of intraluminal thrombus or increased echogenicity.,The long saphenous system showed compressibility without evidence of thrombosis. The saph vein
9	Procedure:, Flexible Bronchoscopy., PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS (ES):, Chronic wheezing., INDICATIONS FOR PROCEDURE:, Assessing the respiratory tract.,PROCEEDING:,This was done in the continuation of paediatric endoscopy using anesthesia. The patient was sedified with sevoflurane and propofol. A 1% lidocaine mL was used for respiratory anesthesia. bronch
9	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS,1. Acute coronary syndrome with elevated ST segment in the distribution of the anterior wall.,2. Documented coronary disease with anterior angioplasty and endoprosthesis in the left anterior descending artery and circumflex artery, last procedure in 2005.,3. Primary malignant ventricular arrhythmia and the need for ventricular fibrillation. It is intubated and ventilated.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Acute coronary syndrome with elevation of the
0	CC:, depressive mental state.,HX:,29y/o female fell on a flight of stairs on 2/20/95, striking the right side of her head. Then she passed by and lay down on a living room sofa. She was found there the next morning by her boyfriend, ill receptive and in the middle of a coffee like emesis. She was taken to a local ER and HCT revealed a supraorbital fracture right, SDH right and left SAH. Spine X-ray
9	CURRENT DISEASE HISTORY: The patient is a 68-year-old man who is returning to reverify. He has a history of ischemic heart disease, he saw Dr. XYZ in February 2004 and had a thallium treadmill test. He walked for 8 minutes. The scan showed a slight lower wall scar and the ejection fraction was well preserved. He had no difficulty with chest pain, palpitations, orthopnoea, night dyspnoea, or
16	CHRISTORY CHEST WITH CONTRACT, REASON FOR EXAMINATION:, Thoracic pain, shortness of breath and cough, evaluate pulmonary arterial embolism.,TECHNIC:,The images of the chest axial CT were obtained for a pulmonary embolism protocol using 100 mL of Isovie-300.,FINDINGS:,There is no evidence of pulmonary arterial embolism.,The lungs are clear of any abnormal consolidation of the airspace, effusion weeping
2	IDENTIFYING DATA:, The patient is a 41-year-old African-American man with a history of bipolar emotional disorders, has been admitted for non-conformity to ambulatory treatment and improved mood readability.,CHIEF COMPLIANT: "I am here because I am different." The patient shows a poor understanding of the disease and the need for treatment.,HISTORY OF CURRENT ILLISSANCE:, The patient has a history of bipolar emotional disorders and poor conformity of external patients.
5	EXAM:, Angle barium modified.,SYMPTOM:, Dysphagia with possible aspiration.,FINDANCES:, A cookie swallowing study was carried out. The patient was examined in the direct lateral position.,Patient was challenged with thin liquids, thick liquids, semisolids and solids.,The presence of penetration with thin liquids is constantly demonstrable. This is not evident with thick, semisolid or solid liquids.,There is weakness in the oral phase of dice
9	General endotracheal anesthesia with double lumen tube.,2. thoracic epidural., OPERATIONAL PROCEDURE IN DETAIL:, After obtaining the informed consent of the patient, including a full explanation of the risks and benefits of the above procedure, the patient was taken to the operating room, and an endotracheal general anesthesia was administered with a double lumen tube.
1	Atypical chest pain.,2. Nausea.,3. Vomiting.,4. Diabetes.,5. Hypokalaemia.,6. Diarrhoea.,7. Panic and depression.,8. Hypertension.,DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Secondary serotonin syndrome at high doses of Prozac.,2. Atypical chest pain with excluded myocardial infarction.,3. Diabetes mellitus.,4. Hypertension.,5. Res
5	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, non-healing decubitus ulcer, left ischial region? Osteomyelitis, paraplegia and history of spina bifida., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, non-healing decubitus ulcer, left ischial region? Osteomyelitis, paraplegia and history of spina bifida., PERFORMED PROCESS:, debrided left ischid ulcer.,ANESTHESIA:, local MAC,IN
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Carpal tunnel syndrome., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Carpal tunnel syndrome., PROCEDURE TITLE:, Endoscopic carpal tunnel release.,ANATHESIA:, MAC,PROCEDURAL:, After administration of appropriate antibiotics and MAC anesthesia, the upper end has been prepared and draped in the usual way, the arm has been exsanguinated with Esmarch, and the tourniquet swollen to 250 mm
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Dupuytren's disease from right hand to small finger., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,Dupuytren's disease from right hand to small finger.,PERFORMED PROCEDURE:,Dupuytren's disease excision from right hand extending to the interphased proximal joint of the little finger.,COMPLICATIONS:,None.,BLOOD LOSS:, Minimal.,ANESTHS
17	The patient is here for a two-month follow-up., CURRENT ILLENCE HISTORY:, The patient is a 55-year-old Caucasian woman. She has high blood pressure. She has no difficulty with chest pain. She has a little shortness of breath only to climb the stairs. She occasionally has dizziness only if she then gets up quickly. She has no nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea. She has severe osteoarthritis of the left knee and is likely to suffer.
15	The patient is an 11-month-old boy who presented for the evaluation of a duplicate urethral meat as well as of the ventral accordion and the dorsal foreskin. He is here electrifying for the surgical correction.,DISCRIPTION OF THE PROCEDURE:, The patient was brought back to the operating room 35. After successful induction of the anesth.,1. Release of the ventral accordion.,2. Circumcision.,3. Repair of the partial duplication of the urethral meat.,INDICATIONS:,The patient is an 11-month-old boy who presented for the evaluation of a duplicate urethral meat as well as the ventral accordion and the dorsal foreskin.,He is here electrifying for the surgical correction.,DESCRIPTION OF THE PROCEDURE:,The patient was brought back to the operating room 35.
1	The family members who were present stated that the patient was becoming more and more anxious and freely admitted that she was depressed at home. They noted that she frequently came to the emergency room for "attention." The patient denied any chest pain or pressure and no change in tolerance. The patient denied any loss of consciousness or incontinence.
9	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Haemoptysia.,2. History of lung cancer., DIAGNOSIS POSTOPERATIVE:, Tumor occlant lobe middle right with friability.,PROCEDURAL:, bronchoscopy fiberoptic, diagnosis.,LOCATION:, Suite endoscopy #4.,ANESTHSIA:, General service by anaesthesia.,BLOOD OUT ESTIMATED:, Minimal.,COMPLIC
9	EXAMINATION:, Cardiac catheterism., EXAMINATION OF THE PROCESS:, Left cardiac catheterism, LV cinéangiography, selective coronary angiography, and right cardiac catheterism with cardiac output by thermodilution technique with double transducer.,INDICATION:, Syncope with severe aortic stenosis.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,DESCRIPTION OF THE PROCEDURE:, After obtaining the informed consent of the patient, the patient was brought to the procedure.
16	EXAM:,MRI RIGHT ANKLE,CLINICAL:,This is a 51-year-old woman who arrived for the first time in the 3/4/05 office with a right ankle pain. She walked on the ice the night before and twisted her ankle. PF's showed no frank fracture, dislocation, or subluxations.,FINDINGS:,Received for interpretation is an MRI examination performed on 4/28/2005.,There is a "high ankle end" of the distal syndemotic ligament complex
2	A full assessment was requested to assess neuropsychological factors, clarify areas of strength and weakness, and to assist in the planning of therapeutic programs in light of syncope episodes.,BREAF SUMMARY AND PRRESSIONS:,HISTORY RELATING:,The historical information was obtained from a review of available medical records and an interview with the patient.,The patient submitted to Dr. X on August 5, 2008, as she had recently been hospitalized for prolonged episodes of
0	EXAM:, CT cervical column.,REASON FOR EXAM:, MVA, feeling drowsy, headache, pain in shoulders and ribs.,TECHNIC:, Axial images through the cervical column with coronal and sagittal reconstructions., FINANCE:, There is a reversal of normal cervical curvature at the heights of the vertebral body. The spaces of the intervertebral disc are otherwise maintained. There is no swelling of soft tissue.
16	GENERAL ASSESSMENT:,(Twin A),Fetal Cardiac Activity: Normal at 166 BPM,Fetal Lie: Twin A is on the left of the mother.,Fetal Presentation: Cephalic,Placenta: Placenta molten a posteriori Grade I-II,Uterus: Normal,Cervix: Closed,Adnexa: Not seen,Amniotic fluide: There is an anterior pocket of 3.9cm.,BIMETRY:,BPD: 8,7cm compatible with 35 weeks, 1 day
9	INDICATIONS: A 82-year-old man who entered the cardiac rehabilitation program 6 weeks after replacing a porcine aortic valve and the coronary bypass procedure at a single boat. The patient had a complicated postoperative course with rapid atrial fibrillation, pleural effusion, anaemia and thrombocytopenia. He is currently stabilized and improving in strength. He lives in Nantucket with his daughter Debra Anderson while he recovers and completes the cardiac rehabilitation program. He has some other important medical problems.,MED
18	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, lumbar spondylosis., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, lumbar spondylosis., RELATIVE OPERATION:, Lumbar facet injections carried out under fluoroscopic control.,ANESTHSIE:, Locale and IV.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,DESCRIPTATION OF THE PROCEDURE:,After obtaining the appropriate consent, the patient was taken following fluoroscopy and placed in a subject position on a table
6	The patient states that she can feel an area with her tongue and one of her teeth that appears to be fractured. The patient states that the pain in her lower left teeth kept her standing last night. The patient went to the clinic but arrived there more
9	PROBLEMS DIAGNOSIS:,1. orthostatic hypotension.,2. Bradycardia.,3. Diabetes.,4. Post-renal polycystic secondary renal disease transplant status in 1995.,5. Hypertension.,6. History of cerebrovascular events of basal cell ganglia in 2004 with left residual.,7. History of renal osteodystrophy.,8. Anemia of iron deficiency.,9. Post-cataract cataract status.,10. Chronic pain of iron deficiency.,9. Post-cataract cataract status.,10.
2	The patient is a 76-year-old man who works full-time as a tax lawyer. He was dismissed for neuropsychological evaluation by Dr. X after a recent hospitalization for a possible transient ischemic aphasia. Two years ago, a similar prolonged confounding spell was also reported. A full assessment was requested to assess current cognitive functioning and assist in diagnostic decision-making and treatment planning.
9	COMPARISON STUDIES:, None, MEDICATION:, Lopressor 5 mg IV., CHARGE RATES AFTER MEDICATION:, 64bpm,EXAM:,TECHNIC: Tomographic images were obtained from the heart and chest with a 64-row scanner using slice thicknesses of less than 1 mm. 80cc's of Isovue 370 were injected into the right arm., TECHNICAL QUALITY:,Examination is limited secondary to the artifact
5	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, History of perforated sigmoid diverticuli with Hartmann's procedure., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. History of perforated sigmoid diverticuli with Hartmann's procedure.,2. Massive adhesions.,PERFORMED PROCEDURE:,1. Exploratory laparotomy.,2. Adhesive lyse and suppression.,3. Reversal of Hartmann's colostomy.,4. Flexible simomoidoscopy.,5. Cys
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. epidural haematoma, cervical spine.,2. cervical post-laminectomy, C3 to day C7 postop #10.,3. central cord syndrome.,4. acute quadriplegia., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. epidural haematoma, cervical spine.,2. cervical post-laminectomy, C3 to day C7 postop #10.,3. central cord syndrome.,2. cervical post-laminectomy, C3 to day C7 postop #10.,3.
14	The patient is a 38-year-old woman who presents herself at our clinic for the first time for the evaluation of hip pain, larger than left, over 2 years. The patient states that she started with right hip pain regularly worsens over the last 2 years and has now developed some pain in the left hip. The pain is located laterally as well as earlier in the groin.
9	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, left adrenal mass, 5.5 cm., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. left adrenal mass, 5.5 cm.,2. intraabdominal adhesions.,PERFORMED PROCEDURE:,1. laparoscopic lysis of adhesions.,2. left laparoscopic adrenalectomy.,ANESTHSIA:, General., ESTIMATED BLOSE LOSS:, less than 100 cc.,FLUIDS:, 3500 c
17	The patient described the pain as dull, painful, constant and located in the epigastric area with some radiation in the back. There are also occasional episodes of stabbing epigastric pain unrelated to meals of only a few minutes. The patient noted that the pain started about six months before this presentation. He self-mediated himself "with on the counter" of the antacids and obtained some relief so that he did not request medical care at that time.
5	The patient is a very pleasant 68-year-old man with a history of bilateral hernia repair, which has 3 weeks of diarrhoea and 1 week of rectal bleeding. He states that he has had some gastric malaise in the last 4 weeks. He had physical therapy for his low back secondary to pain after repairing hernia. He states that the pain worsened after that. He had a history of having had a physical therapy for his low back secondary to pain after repairing hernia. He states that the pain worsened after that.
16	EXAM:, Intraarterial particle therapy.,HISTORY:, Hepatocellular carcinoma.,TECHNIC:, The patient was brought to the interventional radiology where the catheterization of the right hepatic artery was performed. The patient had previously given his oral consent and written to the radioembolization procedure. After confirming the correct positioning of the hepatic artery catheter, 3.78 GBq of yttrium-90 TheraSphere microspheres were infused by
0	The patient is a 9-year-old man with a history of overall developmental retardation and childhood spasms. In the end, the imaging study shows an MRI with a genu absent from the corpus callosum and the thinning of the splenium of the corpus callosum, showing a pattern of cerebral dysgenesis. He has had a severe overall developmental retardation, and is not
7	The upper lid skin was sluggishly marked S, and the redundant skin was marked with a green forceps. Then, the upper lids were injected with 2% Xylocaine and 1/100 000 epinephrine and 1 mL Wydase per 20 mL of solution.,The upper lid skin was excised in the marks. A gentle pressure was placed on the upper eyelids, and the fat in each compartment was teased with a scissor and d
11	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Chronic nasal occlusion secondary to deviant nasal septum.,2. Lower turbinal hypertrophy.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Chronic nasal occlusion secondary to deviant nasal septum.,2. Lower turbinal hypertrophy.,PROCEDURAL PERFORMED:,1. Nasal septal reconstruction.,2. Bilateral submuqueous resection of lower turbinates.,3. Bilateral turbin infracture
19	This patient shows up at the office today because of some problems with her right hand. She started puncing and numbing periodically for several weeks. She just moved her keyboard down to work. She hopes that it will help. She is worried about the carpal tunnel. She does a lot of repetitive activities of type. It's worse at night. If she sleeps on it in a certain way, she will wake up and there will be tingling so she can usually shake the p
19	OBJECTIVE: The patient has been seen and examined. It feels much better today, improved weakness and decreased muscle pain.,PHYSICAL REVIEW:, GENERAL: Not in acute distress, awake, alert and oriented x3.,VITAL SIGNS: Blood pressure 147/68, heart rate 82, respiratory rate 20, temperature 97.7, saturation O2 99% on 3 L.,HEENT: NC/T, PERRLA, EOMI.,NECK: Substitute.,HEART: Regular rate and
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: ruptures of the retinculum tendon Patellar, right knee., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: ruptures of the retinculum tendon Patellar, right knee., PERFORMED PROCEDURE: repair of the Patellar tendon and the mid- and lateral retiniculum, right knee.
19	A 61-year-old white man with a diagnosis of mantle cell lymphoma, diagnosed in 2001, autologous post-transplantation condition with BEAM treatment in 04/02 followed by relapse.,2. Transplantation of allogeneous peripheral stem cells of related brother and patient is 53 months after transplantation.,3. Transplanted disease compared to host involving GI pathways, skin and liver currently outside immunosuppression.,4. Diabetes.,5. Bipolar disorder.
14	DIAGNOSTIC ADMISSION:, Bilateral spondylolysis of l5 with pars and instability of the spine with radiculopathy., SECONDARY DIAGNOSIS:, Chronic pain syndrome., PRINCIPAL PROCEDURE:, L5 Gill procedure with interbody and postolateral arthrodesis (360 degrees circumferential) using cages, bone graft, recombinant bone morphogenic protein and peduncle binding.
19	This 75-year-old man was transferred from the nursing home where he lived in the hospital late at night on 4/11 by the emergency department in complete urinary obstruction. After catheterism, the patient underwent a cystoscopy on 4/13. 4/14 the patient underwent a transurethral resection of the prostate and was returned to the nursing home later that day with the improvement of the emptiness. The final diagnosis was adenocarcinoma of the prostate. Due to his mental condition and his emptiness.
3	We had the pleasure of seeing Abc and his mother in the clinic today. As you certainly know, it is now a 9 month male product of a twin gestation complicated by a very light prematurity. It has had problems with wheezing, coughing and shortness of breath in recent months. You and your partners have treated him aggressively with inhaled steroids and bronchodilator. Despite this, he had persistent problems with cough and was more recently started on a short explosion
16	Other high-resolution reconstructed coronal and sagittal images were also obtained for better visualization of bone structures.,FINDINGS:, The cervical column shows normal alignment and mineralization without any sign of fracture, dislocation or spondylolisthesis. The heights of the vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. The central channel is patented. The pedicles and posterior elements are intact. The soft paravertebral tissues are inside.
19	CURRENT IMMUNERATION HISTORY: The patient is a 55-year-old Hispanic man who was initially seen in the office on February 15, 2006, with epigastric abdominal pain and right upper quadrant, nausea, dizziness and bloating. The patient then stated that he had made a diagnosis of liver cirrhosis. Since the last visit, the patient was asked to sign an information rental form and we sent a request for information to the doctor that the patient
13	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Right ectopic pregnancy.,2. Severe abdominal pain.,3. Tachycardia.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Right ectopic pregnancy.,2. Severe abdominal pain.,3. Tachycardia.,PERFORMED PROCEDURE:, Exploratory laparotomy and right salpingectomy.
13	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Endometrial cancer., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Even., PERFORMED OPERATION:, Exploratory laparotomy, total abdominal hysterectomy, bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy, right and left pelvic lymphadectomy, common iliac lymphadectomy, and procedure for staging endometrial cancer., ANSTHESIA:, general, endotracheal tube.,SP
10	EXAM:, CT scan of abdomen and pelvis with contrast.,REASON FOR EXAM:, Abdominal pain., COMPARISON EXAM:, None.,TECHNIC:, Several axial images of abdomen and pelvis were obtained. 5 mm slices were acquired after injection of 125 cc of Omnipaque IV. In addition, Oral ReadiCAT was given. Reformatted sagital and coronal images were obtained.,DISCUSSION:, There are many no.
1	Diagnosis:,1. Severe menophrhagia not sensitive to medical therapy.,2. Severe anemia.,3. symptomatic fibroid uterus.,DICHARGE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Severe menophrhagia not sensitive to medical therapy.,2. Severe anemia.,3. symptomatic fibroid uterus.,4. Extended adenomasis in relation to pathological.,PERFORMED OPERATION:, 6/10/2009 total abdominal hysterectomy (TAH).,COMP
9	The patient is a 48-year-old woman with severe mitral stenosis diagnosed by echocardiography, moderate aortic insufficiency, and moderate to severe pulmonary hypertension that is evaluated in preoperative work.
5	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Hematemosis in a long-time diabetic patient., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,The Mallory-Weiss tear, submuqueous hemorrhage compatible with a trauma due to vomiting and esophagitis grade 2.,PROCEDURE:, The procedure, the indications explained and it understood and accepted. It was sedified with Versed 3, Demerol 25 and topical hurricane spray with oropharyn
5	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Acute acalculating Cholecystitis., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Acute hemorrhagic Cholecystitis., PERFORMED PROCESS:, Open Cholecystectomy.,ANESTHSIA:, Epidural with local.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,DISPOSITION:, The patient was well tolerated the operation and was transferred to recovery in a stable state.,SPECIMEN:,Gallbla
14	DIAGNOSIS:, Left knee osteoarthritis.,HISTORY:, The patient is a 58-year-old woman, referred to therapy due to left knee osteoarthritis. The patient states that about 2 years ago, she fell to the ground and then had blood clots in the knee area. The patient was transferred from the hospital to a nursing home and lived there for a year. Prior to this incident, the patient was ambushing independently with a rama walker.
9	This 57-year-old black woman was seen in my office the month DD, YYYY for further assessment and management of hypertension. Patient has severe back pain secondary to disc hernia. Patient has seen an orthopaedic doctor and is scheduled for surgery. Patient also came to my office for surgical authorization. Patient had a cardiac cath about four years ago, which was essentially normal. Patient is documented for having morbid obesity and obstructive disease.
8	The patient denies fever, fatigue, weakness, weight gain or weight loss.,HEAD, EYES, EARS, NOSE AND THROAT:, Eyes - The patient denies pain, redness, loss of vision, double or blurred vision, flashing lights or spots, dryness, the sensation that something is in the eye and refuses to wear glasses. Ears, nose, mouth and throat. The patient denies ringing in the ears, loss
17	EARS, NOSE, MOUTH AND THROAT,EARS/NOSE:, The auricles are normal to palpation and inspection without surrounding lymphadenitis. There is no sign of acute trauma. The nose is normal to palpation and external inspection without sign of acute trauma. The otoscopic examination of the hearing canals and tympanic membranes reveals the hearing canals without signs of mass injury, inflammation or swelling. The tympanic membranes are
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Cervical Spondylosis to C3-C4 with cervical radiculopathy and spinal cord compression., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Cervical Spondylosis to C3-C4 with cervical radiculopathy and spinal cord compression., PERFORMED OPERATION,1. anterior cervical discectomy of C3-C4.,2. Removal of herniated disc and osteophytes.,3. Decom
19	The patient is a 56-year-old woman with a history of systemic lupus erythematosus, who was last seen in a rheumatology clinic about 4 months ago for the discomfort of the bilateral hand, larger than right. The patient was seen on 10/30/07.
9	HISTORY: The patient is a 4-month-old child who experienced respiratory distress and absent femoral pulses with a subsequent evaluation including an echocardiogram that demonstrated severe aortic coarctation with a peak gradient of 29 mmHg and dilated cardiomyopathy associated with a fractional shortening of 16%. A bicuspid aortic valve was also observed without insufficiency or stenosis. The patient underwent cardiac catheterization for bloated angioplasty for coarctation.
14	1. Open reduction internal fastening (ORIF) with irrigation and open fracture debridation including skin, muscle and bone using a 3.5 mm Synthes block plate on the lateral malleol and two 4.5 mm Synthes medial malleol screws. 2. Closed reduction and fastening of the screw of the right fracture of the femoral neck using an Asnis 8.0 mm cannule screw and two 6.5 mm cannule screws. 3. Femor nail
18	The patient was asked to report any redness, swelling, inflammation, or fever. The patient was asked to limit the use of the end * for the next 24 hours.
17	A 50-year-old Asian woman comes to the Methodist Hospital on January 2, 2001, complaining of a history of 3-day abdominal pain. Pain is described as cramp in the central part of her abdomen, and is associated with nausea and vomiting during the previous 24 hours. The patient refused to pass a stool or gas per rectum for the previous 24 hours. She had recently been admitted to the hospital from December 19 to December 23, 2000, with a history of fever from three weeks to 101.8, diaphor
9	HISTORY OF THE CURRENT ILLENCE:, Mr. A is a 50-year-old man with a history of atrial fibrillation in the past, more recently who has had an atrial flutter, who estimates that he has had six cardioversions since 10/09, and estimates that he had 12 to 24 in his life from 2006 when atrial fibrillation first appeared. He, since 10:17 pm on 17/01/10, noted the recurrence of his atrial fibrillation, called our office
9	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Metastatic glossary carcinoma, requiring chemotherapy and port., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Metastatic glossary carcinoma, requiring chemotherapy and port.,PROCEDURES,1. open exploration of the subclavian vein/left axillary.,2. insertion of a double lumen port through the left femoral vein, radiological advice.,PROCEEDING OF PROCEDURE:, After obtaining informed consent, the patient was taken electively into the room
11	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Nasal Fracture and Nasal Septum deviated with obstruction., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Nasal Fracture and Nasal Septum deviated with obstruction., OPERATION:, Open Reduction, Nasal Fracture with Nasal Septoplasty.,ANESTHSIE:, General.,HISTORY:, This 16-year-old male fractured his nose by playing basketball. He has a left nasal obstruction and bone.
10	What is your understanding of the recipient's disease and why they need a kidney - "This kidney is for my mother who is in dialysis and my mother has suffered long enough, and I want to relieve the suffering so that she is able to have a kidney transplant." When and how the subject of the gift arose - "My mother and I talked about it together as a family." REACTION OF THE RECIPIENT TO OFFER:
9	INDICATIONS:, atrial fibrillation, coronary disease.,STRESS TECHNICAL:, The patient was infused with dobutamine at a maximum heart rate of 142. ECG has atrial fibrillation.,TECHNICAL IMAGE:, The patient was injected with 5.2 millicures of thallous chloride and then photographed on the closed tomographic SPECT system.,IMAGE ANALYSIS:, It should be noted that the images are slightly limited by the patient's obesity with a weight of 263 pounds.
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Herniated Kernel Paste C5-C6., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Herniated Kernel Paste C5-C6.,PROCEDURE:, Fusion of anterior cervical discotectomy C5-C6 followed by instrumentation C5-C6 with dynamic titanium veneer system, Aesculap. The operating microscope was used both for lighting and magnification.,FIRST ASSISTANT:,
6	COMPLAINT CHIEF:, Vaginal discharge with a carefree smell.,CURRENT ILLENCE HISTORY:, A 25-year-old African American woman who claims that since last week she has had thin vaginal discharges that she declares grey in the coloration. The patient states that she has also had the frequency of urination. The patient denies any burns with urination. She states that she is sexually active and does not use condoms. She has three sexual partners. The patient declares that she
12	DIAGNOSIS:, Polycythemia vera with secondary myelofibrosis.,REASON OF VISIT:, Follow-up of the above condition.,CHIEF COMPLAINT:, Pain of left shin.,HISTORY OF CURRENT IMMUNERATION:, A 55-year-old white man with a diagnosis of polycythemia vera with secondary myelofibrosis. The diagnosis was made for some time in 2005/06. Initially, he underwent phlebotomy. He then transferred his care here
11	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Chronic hypertrophic adenotonisillitis., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Chronic hypertrophic adenotonisillitis., OPERATIONAL PROCEDURE:, Primary adenotonsillectomy, patient under 12 years of age., ANESTHEIA:, General endotracheal anaesthesia., DETAIL PROCEDURE:, This patient was brought from the waiting area and received preoperative antibiotics of Cleocin as well as IV Decadron.
9	The patient is a 71-year-old woman with a history of coronary artery disease for which she had grafting coronary bypass x2 and percutaneous coronary intervention with stent x1. She also has a significant history of chronic renal failure and severe COPD. The patient and her husband live in ABC but they have a family in XYZ. She came to our office today as she is in the area visiting her family.
10	Axial CT images of abdomen and pelvis were then obtained using 100 mL of Isovie-300.,FINDANCES:, The liver is normal in size and attenuation.,The gallbladder is normal in size and attenuation.,The gallbladder is normal in size and attenuation.
15	The procedure, risks and benefits were explained to the patient's mother, and a consent form was signed. She is aware of the risk of bleeding, infection, stenosis of meat, excess or too little foreskin removed and the possible need for review in the future. The infant was placed on the papaosis board. The external genitals were pre-filled with Betadine. A penile block was performed with a needle of 30 calibres.
13	OBJECTIVE: This 45 year old gravida 3, para 2, SAB 1 white woman present for examination and Pap. The last Pap was a year ago and normal. LMP was 08/29/2004. Her cycles are usually regular, although the one came about a week earlier. Her husband had a vasectomy. Overall, she feels good.,Health history form has been reviewed. There has been no change in her personal history. She notes that a brother who was treated 12 years ago for a brain tumor.
16	HISTORY:, The patient is a 34-year-old woman in her right hand who first states her symptoms started after a motor vehicle accident in September 2005. She may have had a brief loss of consciousness at the time of the accident shortly after she had a blurred vision, which lasted about a week, then resolved. Since then she has had pains at the lower right and lower left neck of her back. She has been much worked and treated for this. The MRI of the C & T spine and the LS spine has been normal.
5	REASON FOR EXAM:, Right abdominal pain with nausea and fever.,TECHNIQUE:, Images of axial CT of the abdomen and pelvis were obtained using 100 mL of Isovue-300.,CT ABDOMEN:,The liver, spleen, pancreas, gallbladder, adrenal glands and kidneys are not remarkable.,CT PELVIS:, In the lower right quadrant, the annex is 16 mm and there is
9	She is frustrated by her inability to lose weight even if she is hyperthyroid.,MEDICATIONS:, Tapazole 10 mg b.i.d., atenolol/chlorthalidone 50/25 mg b.i.d., Tapazole 10 mg b.i.d., atenololol/chlorthalidone 50/25 mg b.i.d.
8	She says she has a mesothelioma in her stomach wall and that it causes her eating problems and chronic pain. She says she is in the care of a cancer specialist; however, she has just returned to this area and is trying to find a doctor.
13	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Abnormal uterine bleeding.,2. enlarged fibroid uterus.,3. Hypermenorrhoea.,4. intermenstrual spotting.,5. Ultrasonic thick endometrium of a 2 cm lining.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. abnormal uterine bleeding.,2. enlarged fibroid uterus.,3. Hypermenorrhoea.,4. intermenstrual spotting.,5. Ultra thick endometrium
0	Other high-resolution reconstructed coronal and sagittal images were also obtained for better visualization of bone structures.,FINDINGS:, The cervical column shows normal alignment and mineralization without any sign of fracture, dislocation or spondylolisthesis. The heights of the vertebral body and disc spaces are maintained. The central channel is patented. The pedicles and posterior elements are intact. The soft paravertebral tissues are inside.
14	COMPLAINT CHIEF:, right knee.,CURRENT LIMIT HISTORY:, The patient is present today for the follow-up of OA IV bilateral knees and bending contraction, making great. Physical therapy helps. Subjective pain is on the right-wing bilateral knees worse than left.,Pain: Located on the right-wing bilateral knees worse than left.,Quality: There is no swelling, no redness, or heat. Pain is described as occasional pain. It does not have to be described as an occasional pain.
19	CURRENT IMMUNERATION HISTORY: The patient is a 55-year-old gentleman, a patient of Mrs. A, who was referred to me because the patient developed iron deficiency anaemia and had blood in his stools. The patient also has chronic diarrhea. His anaemia was diagnosed months ago when he had unusual pruritus and he got a CBC. At that time, he was found to have a hemoglobin of 9 and MCV 65. The patient
9	THE CURRENT INVESTMENT HISTORY: I was kindly asked to see Ms. ABC by Dr. X for a cardiology consultation regarding the pre-operative evaluation of right hip surgery. She is a patient with a history of post-bridged coronary artery condition surgery in 1971 who stumbled over her last oxygen p.m. she declares and fell. She has suffered a fracture of the right hip and is being considered for replacement of the right hip.
12	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Squamous cell carcinoma on the right hand, partially excised., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Squamous cell carcinoma on the right hand, partially excised., OPERATIONAL NAME:, Squamous cell carcinoma site re-excision, right hand.,ANESTHSIA:, Local with monitored anaesthetic care., INDICATIONS:, Patient, 72, post-excision status of carcinoma
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, large and invasive recurrent pituitary adenoma, POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, large and invasive recurrent pituitary adenoma, PERFORMED OPERATION:, Endoscopically assisted transsphenoidal exploration and radical excision of pituitary adenoma, endoscopic exposure of sphenoid sinus with tissue removal in the sinus, dermal fascia abdominal fat grafting, dermal fascia grafting
17	COMPLAINT CHIEF:, Anxiety, alcohol abuse, and chest pain., HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:, He is a pleasant 40-year-old man with multiple medical problems, came to the hospital yesterday complaining of chest pain. The patient states that he complains of this chest pain, which is reproducible, weeping in the chest radiating both to the left back and jaw, complaining of some coughs, nausea, dubious shortness of breath.
16	The patient will receive intensity-modulated radiotherapy to provide high-dose treatment to sensitive structures. The target volume is adjacent to large radiosensitive structures. Initially, the preliminary isocentre is set to a fluoroscopic simulation unit. The patient is properly immobilized using a custom immobilizer. Preliminary simulation films are obtained and approved by me. The patient is marked and transferred to the CT scanner. Sequencing images are obtained.
19	REASON FOR VISIT:, Followed by the wrist tear of the left rotator and cervical cervical stenosis.,HISTORY OF ILLING PRESENT:, Mrs. ABC returns today for the follow-up of her pain to the left shoulder and C6 radiculopathy from the left upper extremity. I had last seen her on 21/06/07., At that time, she had been sent back to me Dr. X and Dr. Y for the evaluation of her radiculopathy C6.
9	A 37-year-old German woman was taken to a shock room in the general hospital with a decrease in shortness of breath and cough. In the year before admission, the patient had begun to feel the insidious appearance of shortness of breath. She had smoked half a pack of cigarettes a day for 20 years, but had stopped smoking about 2 months before admission. About 2 weeks before admission, she noted a worsening of shortness of breath and the development of a dry non-productive cough.
16	EXAM:,MRI RIGHT KNEE WITHOUT GADOLINIUM,CLINICAL:,It is a 21-year-old man with right knee pain after a torsadive injury on 7/31/05. The patient had an anterior lateral menicectomy in 2001.,FINDINGS:,Examination was performed on 8/3/05, Neutral meniscus without intrasubstance degeneration, superficial fracturing or discrete meniscal tear.,There is a subtle irregularity along joint surfaces
19	A 6-year-old man who comes to reverification of his ADHD drugs. We placed him on Adderall, the first time he took a stimulating medication last month. Mother said the next day, he had a wonderful improvement, and he did very well with the medication. She has two concerns. It seems that the first thing in the morning after he took the medication and it seems that it takes some time for the medication to start. He uses about 2 and they have problems in the drug.
9	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,Tracheal stenosis and complications of metal stent.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,Tracheal stenosis and complications of metal stent.,ANESTHSIA:,General endotracheal.,ENDOSCOPIC CONCLUSIONS:1. True normal vocal cords.,2. Subglot stenosis up to 5 mm with mature cicatrix.,3. Tracheal granulation tissue pushing through endopro
14	The patient is a 43-year-old man known to me, anterior lumbar post-operation state for herniated disc with severe recurrence of axial back pain, failed conservative treatment. The risks and benefits of herniated disc with severe recurrence of axial back pain.
2	BENDER-GESTALT TEST:, Non-organic.,BECK TEST:,Depression: 37,Anxiety: 41,Experience: 10,Suicide Ideation: 18,SUMMARY:,The patient was cooperative and seemed to follow the test instructions.There is no evidence of organogenicity on Bender.He approved the symptoms of depression and anxiety.He has moderately negative expectations about his future and expresses suicidal ideas.
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Severe lumbar pain., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Severe lumbar pain., PERFORMED OPERATIONS:, Front lumbar fusion, L4-L5, L5-S1, vertebral spacer PEEK, structural autograft of the vertebral body L5, BMP and anterior plate.,ANESTHSIA:, General endotracheal., ESTIMATED BLOOD LOSS:, Less than 50 mL.,DRAIN
16	DOBUTAMINE STRESS ECHOCARDIOGRAM,REASON FOR EXAM:, chest discomfort, coronary artery disease assessment.,DETAIL PROCEDURE:, The patient was brought to the heart centre. Resting cardiac images were obtained in the long and short axis of the parasternal, apical four and apical two views followed by the beginning of a drop of dobutamine water in the usual way to 10 mcg/kg per minute for a low dose, increased every 2 to 3
17	The extraocular movements are intact. The sclerosis is anicteric. TMs are clear bilaterally. Oropharynx is clear without erythema or exudate.,Neck: Substituted without adenopathy or thyromegaly. The carotids are silent. There is no jugular venous distension.,Chest: Clear at bilateral auscultation.,Cardiovascular: Regular rate and rhythm without S3,
5	The patient is a 71-year-old patient of Dr. X. The patient presented to the emergency room last night with approximately 7 to 8 days of history of persistent abdominal pain. She was seen 3 to 4 days ago at ABC ER and underwent an assessment and discharge and had a scanner at that time and was told it was "normal". She was given oral antibiotics of Cipro and Flagyl.
9	Procedure:, Cardiac catheterization by:,a. Catheterization of the left heart.,b. Left ventriculography.,c. Selective coronary angiography.,d. Approach of the right femoral artery.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,MEDICATIONS,1. IV Versed.,2. IV fentanyl.,3. Administration of intravenous fluid.,4. Heparin 3000 units IV.,INDICATIONS:, This 70-year-old Asian-American has a pain syndrome.
16	The left atrium is 3.9.,FINITIONS:, The left atrium was slightly to moderately dilated. No mass or thrombi was observed. The ventricle was not observed. The left atrium was slightly to moderately dilated.
9	The patient has a chronic atrial fibrillation on anticoagulation. The patient is doing quite well. This afternoon, she called me because the heart rate was around 120 to 140. The patient is lying down. She has shortness of breath, but denies any other significant symptoms., PASSED MEDICAL HISTORY:
17	CURRENT HISTORY: A 94-year-old woman from the nursing home with several days of lethargy and anorexia. She has evidence of ICU. She also has renal insufficiency and digital toxicity. She is admitted for further treatment., Medical history, social history, family history, physical examination can be seen on H&P admission.,LABORATORIES ON ADMISSION:, White number 11,700, hemoglobin 12.8, haematocrit 37.2, BUN 91, creatinine 2.2
7	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Status post Resection of Mohs epithelial malignancy of the left skin of the lower lid, left lateral canthus and upper lid left., DIAGNOSIS POSTOPERATIVE:, Status post Resection of Mohs epithelial malignity of the left skin of the lower lid, left lateral canthus and upper lid left.,PROCEDURE:1. Repair of a half-thickness of the lower lid left per flap of tarsoconjunctival pedicle of the upper lid
5	After obtaining informed consent detailing the risks of infection, bleeding, esophagus perforation and death, the patient was taken into the operating suite and placed supine on the operating room table. The endotracheal general anaesthesia was induced without incident. The patient was then placed in a modified lithotomy position taking great care to buffer all the extremities. TEDs and Venodynes have been placed in a modified lithotomy position.
14	DIAGNOSIS ADMISSION:,Right femoral neck fracture, also history of Alzheimer's dementia, and hypothyroidism.,DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:, Right femoral neck fracture, also history of Alzheimer's dementia, hypothyroidism, and post hemiarthroplasty of the hip., PERFORMED PROCESS:,Hemiarthroplasty, right hip.,CONSULTIONS:,Medicine for the management of multiple medical problems, including Alzheimer's.
12	A 61-year-old white man with a diagnosis of mantle cell lymphoma, diagnosed in 2001, autologous post-transplantation condition with BEAM treatment in 04/02 followed by relapse.,2. Transplantation of allogeneous peripheral stem cells of related brother and patient is 53 months after transplantation.,3. Transplanted disease compared to host involving GI pathways, skin and liver currently outside immunosuppression.,4. Diabetes.,5. Bipolar disorder.
3	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Eating disorders.,2. Down syndrome.,3. Congenital heart disease.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Eating disorders.,2. Down syndrome.,3. Congenital heart disease.,PERFORMED OPERATION:, Gastrostomy.,ANESTHSIA:,General.,INDICATIONS:,This 6-week-old infant had been transferred to the children's hospital due to Down syndrome and congenital heart disease.
17	OBJECTIVE: The patient comes today for a full assessment. She is well known for me. I have seen her in the past several times., PASSED MEDICAL HISTORY/ SOCIAL HISTORY/FAMILY HISTORY:, Noted and reviewed today. They are on the flow of health care. She has an important anxiety that has been under fair control recently. She has a lot of stress associated with a son who has some challenges. There is a family history of hypertension and stroke.,
2	IDENTIFYING DATA:,The patient is a 40-year-old white man. He is married, on medical leave from his work as a tree cut, and lives with his wife and five children.,CHIEF PLAINT AND REACTION TO HOSPITALIZATION:,The patient is admitted on an involuntary treatment of 72 hours for danger to others after repeated aggressive behaviors in the emergency room of the hospital, the morning before admission.,HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLNESS:,The patient was very
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Bunion, right foot., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Bunion, right foot., PERFORMED PROCEDURE:, Bunionectomy Austin/akin, right foot.,HISTORY:, This 77-year-old African American woman is present at the ABCD General Hospital with the above main complaint. The patient states that she has had a bunion deformity as long as she can remember that has gradually worsened and more painful.
0	At C4-C5, there was a minimum of osteophytes discovered with a slight compromise for the associated right foraminal. At C5-C6, there was a minimal diffuse disc buzz and osteophytes discovered with an indentation of the anterior bag, but no cord deformation or compromise for the foraminal. At C6-C7, there was a hernia for the central disc resulting in a slight deformation of the ante.
12	The pathology showed a channel carcinoma infiltrating Nottingham grade II. The pathology showed a channel carcinoma infiltrating Nottingham grade II. It was an extremely pleasant 58-year-old woman, who I am for her stage IIA right breast cancer. She noticed a bump in the breast in November 2007. A mammography was obtained from 01/28/08, which showed a mass in the right breast. On 02/10/08, she underwent a biopsy guided by ultrasound. The pathology showed a channel carcinoma infiltrating Nottingham grade II.
14	1. Irrigation and debridation of postoperative wound infection (code CPT 10180).,2. Removal of the foreign body, deep (code CPT 28192).,3. Installation of a vacuum-assisted closure device, less than 50 centimetres squared (code CPT 97605)., PREOP DIAGNOSIS:, Postoperative wound infection, complicated (code CIC-9 998.59)., POSTOP DIAGNOSIS:, Postoperative wound infection, complicated (
9	The area of the right coronary artery was anaesthetized with 2% lidocaine and a 4-French sheath was placed. Conscious sedation was obtained using a combination of Versad 1 mg and fentanyl 50
11	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Severe recurrent right atrial haematoma., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Severe recurrent right atrial haematoma., PROCEDURE TITLE:, Incision and drainage with support banding placement of the straight ear recurrent atrial haematoma.,ANATHESIA:, Xylocaine 1% with 1/100 000 dilution of the epinephrine totaling 2 mL., COMPLICATIONS:, None., FINANCE:, Approximately 5 mL of serodrainage
9	EXAM:, CT chest with contrast.,HISTORY:, X-ray abnormal chest, which has demonstrated a region of consolidation relative to the mass in the upper right lobe.,TECHNIC:,Post enhanced spiral images by contrast have been obtained through the chest.,FINDINGS:,There are several, discreet, opacities of the airspace in the upper right lobe, which have the most compatible appearance with the infiltrates. The rest of the pulmonary parenchyma is clear. There is no
18	NAME OF THE PROCEDURE:, block of the Celiac plexus.,ANESTHSIA:, Local/IV Sedation,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,PROCEDURE:, INT was placed. The patient was in the position of preset inclined back and draped sterilely. Then 1.5% of Lidocaine for the skin quintet was made laterally about 10 cm at the vertebral junction L1-L2. A needle of 20 gauges, 15 cm was placed in a medial cephalic direction 45o; the needle was placed in a medial cephalic direction 45o; the needle was made laterally about 10 cm at the vertebral junction L1-L2.
6	A 91-year-old woman who was brought by the family. Apparently, she was complaining that she felt that she had been poisoned in her care facility. The girl who was accompanying the patient said that she did not think something was wrong, but she became extremely agitated and she thinks that this is the biggest problem with the patient right now. The patient apparently had a bit of dry blows, but no real vomiting. She had just finished dinner. No one else in the facility was ill.
5	The patient was placed in the position of left lateral decubitus, medicated with the above medicines to obtain and maintain conscious sedation. The vital signs were monitored throughout the procedure without evidence of hemodynamic compromise or deaturation.,The endoscope to an Olympus channel was passed under direct visualization through the oral cavity and advanced to the second part of the duodenum.,FINDANCES:,ESOPHAGUS: The proximal and medium esophagus were without abnormalities.,STOMACH:
15	CURRENT IMMUNERATION HISTORY: The patient returned for follow-up assessment 21 months after having had the irradiation of the prostate fossa for recurrent Gleason 8 adenocarcinoma. His urinary function was stable until 2 days ago. In the last few days, he woke up every 1 to 1-1/2 hours and had associated abdominal cramps, as well as a little sore throat (his wife had a cold for about 2 weeks). His libido remains intact (but his wife had a cold).
6	The patient has had problems with haematuria in the past, but the patient noted that this episode began yesterday, and today he has passed mainly blood with very little urine. The patient states that he has had problems with haematuria in the past, but the patient noted that this episode started yesterday, and today he has passed mainly blood with very little urine.
5	OPERATIVE PROCEDURES: Colonoscopy and biopsies, epinephrine sclerotherapy, cauterity of hot biopsy and polypectomy of traps., PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Screening of colony cancer.,2. Family history of colon polyps.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Multiple colon polyps (5).,2. Diverticulosis, sigmoid colon.,3. Hemorr
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Temporal lobe left cerebral tumour., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Temporal lobe left cerebral tumour - multiform glioblastoma.,OPERATIVE PROCESS:,1. Left temporal craniotomy.,2. Brain tumor suppression.,OPERATORY MICROSCOPE:, Stealth.,PROCEDURE:, The patient was placed in the supine position, shoulder roll, and head was turned towards the
18	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Severe post-thoracotomy pain., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Severe post-thoracotomy pain.,PROCEDURAL:, Intercostal block, left., PROCEDURAL DETAIL:, With the patient in the bed of the intensive care unit who had a large amount of intravenous narcotics to control his pain of the thoracotomy, after obtaining informed consent, his left posterior chest was prepared and draped in the usual way and Mark
9	INTERVAL HISTORY: ABC, 10 years old and carrying a diagnosis of cystic fibrosis, seen today in the clinic for a routine follow-up visit. He was accompanied by his adoptive mother. He is in fourth year and has not missed significant days for the disease. He has a chronic cough that has been slightly increased since the previous 4 days. Sputum is not produced. Sinuses are described as clear. He is an greedy eater, eating a regular diet of increase of calories and proteins.
9	The antibiotic prophylaxis with cefazoline and gentamicin has already been given before the start of the procedures.,PROCEDURE #1:, Insertion of the transoesophagal echocardiography probe.,DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURE #1:, The probe was well lubricated and with numerical manipulation, was transmitted in the e
17	SubJECTIVE: The patient is a 2-year-old girl who comes with concerns about sufficiency, congestion and nasal drainage. She takes Zyrtec on a fairly regular basis. Mom has allergy problems herself at the moment. She does not know her colors. She knows some of her forms. She speaks in phrases. She does not show much interest in the pot. She is in the 80th percentile for height and weight, and even more 95th percentile for circumference of
16	EXAM:, CT of the face bones without contrast.,REASON FOR EXAM:, Hit in the nose.,EXAM COMPARISON:, Simple films of the same date.,TECHNIC:, Multidetector helicoaxial images were acquired in the axial plane and were reconstructed in bone and soft algorithms for observation in multiplanar format.,FINDINGS:, There is a fracture of the frontal process of the maxilla on both sides with displacement with angulation to the right and very minimal.
14	REASON FOR VISIT:, Followed by the wrist tear of the left rotator and cervical cervical stenosis.,HISTORY OF ILLING PRESENT:, Mrs. ABC returns today for the follow-up of her pain to the left shoulder and C6 radiculopathy from the left upper extremity. I had last seen her on 21/06/07., At that time, she had been sent back to me Dr. X and Dr. Y for the evaluation of her radiculopathy C6.
9	1. The size of the left ventricular cavity and wall thickness appear normal. The movement of the wall and left ventricular systolic function appear hyperdynamic with an estimated ejection fraction of 70% to 75%. There is an observed near-cavity obliteration. There also appears to be an increase in the gradient of the left ventricular tube at the median cavity compatible with the left hyperdynamic ventricular systolic function. There is an abnormal left ventricular relaxation pattern given as well as left atrial pressures.
19	· OBJECTIVE:,The patient is looking for an evaluation for a second opinion on cataract extraction. She tells me cataract extraction has been recommended in each eye; however, she is nervous to have surgery. The history of past eye surgery is important for the macular degeneration related to neurovascular age. She claims to have had a laser four times at the macula to the right and twice to the left, she sees Dr. X for this.,OBJECTIVE:, On examination, visual acuity with some
3	Presentation:, Patient, 13, comes to your office with his mother complaining of severe ear pain. He woke up at night with severe ear pain, and mom says it's the third time this year that he has had ear pain., PRESENT ILLNESS HISTORY:, Patient reports that he felt good after taking antibiotics with each episode of ear pain and recently started on the fight team. Mom reports that the patient was afebriated.
0	EXAM:, contrastless MRI of the brain.,HISTORY:, daily headache for 6 months in a 57-year-old teenager.,TECHNIC:,Non-contrastant axial and sagittal images were acquired by the brain at varying degrees of fat and water weight.,FINDURES:, The brain is normal in signal intensity and age morphology. There are no collections of extraaxial fluids. There is no hydrocephalic/mild displacement. F
6	A few hours ago, there was a loss of consciousness. The patient complains of neck pain., CHRONIC/INACTIVE CONDITIONS:, None., PERSONAL HISTORY/FAMILIES/SOCIAL:, None., PREVIOUS INJURIES:, Minor., MEDICATIONS:, None., PREVIOUS OPERATIONS:,
9	HISTORY: This 61-year-old retailer with acute shortness of breath, hypertension, has proven to be in an acute pulmonary edema. No confirmed history of heart attack, myocardial infarction, heart failure. The story goes back to about six months of intermittent shortness of breath, very light intermittent edema with shortness of breath. Blood pressure increased transiently last summer when it seemed to start and was asked not to take Claritin-D, that it took for what it took.
0	CC:, Dysarthria,HX:,This 52y/o RHF was transferred from a local hospital to the UIHC on 10/28/94 with a story of progressive aggravation of vision, dysarthria, headache and incoordination from 2/94. Her husband recalled his first difficulties became noticeable after a car accident in 2/94. She was a passenger belt in a car hit at a stop. There was no head or neck injury or altered consciousness
7	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,Open angle glaucoma OX,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,Open angle glaucoma OX,PROCEDURE:, Ahmed valve model S2 implant with pericardial reinforcement XXX eye, INDICATIONS:,He is a XX-year-old man with glaucoma in the eye OX, uncontrolled by maximum tolerated medical therapy.,PROCEDURE:,The risks and benefits of glaucoma surgery have been discussed in detail with the patient
9	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Right pleural swelling and suspected malignant mesothelioma., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Right pleural swelling, suspected malignant mesothelioma., PROCEDURE:, Right pleurodesis and pleural biopsy.,ANESTHESIA:, General endotracheal double lumen., FINDING DESCRIPTION:, Right pleural swelling, firm nodules, diffuse scattered in the right pleura
5	The patient's complaints are intolerance to fatty foods, dark urine, subjective chills, low-grade subjective fever, nausea and acute agglomerated pain. The patient's symptoms have been present for 3 months. Complaints are relieved with lying on the right side and antacids.
15	At first a small incision was made in the upper straight hemiscrotum and the incision was carried down towards the vas deferens. This incision was carried down to the area of the previous vasectomy. A clip of towel was placed around it. Then the scar zone was dissected free back to the normal vase in a proximal and distal manner. About 4 cm of vas was released. Then the vas was amputated above and below the scar tissue.
17	The patient states that she feels better. She is on amiodarone IV, the dosage regimen is appropriate for ventricular tachycardia. Looking for the available records, I find only an EMS verbal statement that the tachycardia of large complex has been seen. There is no tape for me to examine all available EKG patterns show a narrow complex model of atrial fibrillation that is now converted to sinus rhythm.,The patient states that for a week, she has been a patient who is a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a patient who has been a disease.
5	PROCESSES: Colonoscopy.,INDICATIONS:, Renewed symptoms likely compatible with an active outbreak of inflammatory bowel disease, not responding to conventional treatment including sulfasalazine, cortisone, local treatment., PROCESS:, Informed consent was obtained prior to intervention with particular attention to benefits, risks, alternatives.
7	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS, 1. uncontrolled open-angle glaucoma, left eye.,2. conjunctival scars, left eye., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS, 1. uncontrolled open-angle glaucoma, left eye.,2. conjunctival scars, left eye., PROCEDURE:, short trabeculectomy with conjunctival scar analysis, tenonectomy, peripheral iridectomy, paracentesis, waterproof conjunctival closure, and 0.5 mg/m
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Left foot of Bunion.,2. Hammertoe, left second toe.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Left foot of Bunion.,2. Hammertoe, left second toe.,PERFORMED PROCEDURE:,1. Bunionectomy, type SCARF, with metatarsal osteotomy and screwed internal attachment, left.,2. Left arthroplasty second toe.,HISTORY:,This 39-year-old female
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Headache, question of temporal arteritis., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Headache, question of temporal arteritis.,PROCEDURAL:, Bilateral temporal biopsies of the artery.,DESCRIPTION OF PROCEDURE:, After obtaining informed consent, the patient was brought into the operating room where his right temporal zone was prepared and draped in the usual way. Xylocaine 1% was used and then an incision was made.
9	The mother had a premature rupture of the membranes on 12/20/08. She then presented at work and the delivery with symptoms of influenza. The baby was then induced and delivered. The mother had a history of premature babies in the past. This baby is doing well, and then we had a significant increase in the oxygen requirement of the room air up to 85%.
17	The patient is an 85-year-old woman who presents a main complaint as described above. The patient is a very poor historian and is extremely difficult to hear, and therefore very little history is available. She was found by EMS sitting on the toilets with diarrhea, and apparently just vomited. During my interrogation of the patient, she can confirm that she was sick in the stomach and vomited. She can't tell me how many times.
17	A 54-year-old patient, here for the assessment of the swelling of the new language.,MEDICAL HISTORY PASSED:,1. Type II diabetes.,2. High blood pressure.,3. High cholesterol levels.,4. Acid reflux disease.,5. Chronic back pain.,SPECIFIC HISTORY PASSED:,1. Lap-Band is doing today.,2. Right foot surgery.,MEDICATIONS:,1. Per
7	CATARACT, is the loss of transparency of the lens of the eye. It often appears as a window lined with steam., WHAT CATARACT CAUSES TRAINING?,* Aging, the most common cause.,* Family history.,* Use of steroids.,* Injuries to the eye.,* Diabetes.,* Previous eye surgery.,* Long-term exposure to sunlight.
14	The patient is a 73-year-old Caucasian man with a history of hypertension, end-stage renal disease secondary to reflux nephropathy / bladder neck restriction requiring haemodialysis and possibly cadaveric renal transplantation, now under chronic immunosuppression, peripheral vascular disease with right-hand unhealing ulcer, and peripheral neuropathy that initially presented to his primary care doctor in May 2001 with complaints of lower back pain and bilateral hip pain.
5	PROCEDURE: Esophagoscopy with removal of the foreign body., CPT CODE:, 43215., MAIN DIAGNOSIS:, Foreign body esophagus, code CIM-9 935.1.,PROCEEDING DESCRIPTION: Under general anaesthesia, a flexible EGD was performed. The esophagus was visualized. The quarter was visualized on the aortic button, removed with a pincher.
13	The patient claims that she has abnormal menstruation and that she does not remember the first day of her last normal menstruation. She states that she had stains for three months a day until about two weeks ago when she thought she had had a fetus. She states that after removing a tampon, she saw a structure as a tadpole and thought it was a fetus. However, she states that she does not know that she was pregnant at that time. She denies any abdominal pain or vaginal bleeding.
9	DIAGNOSIS AT ADMISSION: Chronic Exacerbation of Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and Acute Bronchitis., DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS,1. Chronic Exacerbation of Obstructive Pulmonary Disease and Acute Bronchitis.,2. Congestive Heart Failure.,3. Cardiovascular disease atherosclerosis.,4. Mild demenence of senile type.,5. Hypothyroidism.,6,6.
6	The patient is a 17-year-old gentleman who played basketball today in the gym. Two hours before the presentation, he started to fall and someone walked on his ankle and a kind of twist of his right ankle and he can't carry weight on her right now. It hurts to move or carry weight. No other injuries noted. He doesn't think he had any injuries to his ankle in his ankle.
17	The patient is a 37-year-old man admitted to the emergency room. He has experienced symptoms of chest pain, described as a type of painful pressure and discomfort in the precordial area. Also, shortness of breath is noted without any diaphoresis. Symptoms ongoing and outside for the last 3 to 4 days especially when he is under stress. No relation to physical activity. No aggravating factors or other factors.
16	INDICATIONS:
5	HISTORY: 38-year-old male admitted from the emergency room 18/04/2009, decreased mental state and pneumonia upper right lobe. The patient has diffuse abdominal pain. There is a history of AIDS.,TECHNIC:, An ultrasound examination of the abdomen has been performed.,FINDINGS:, The liver has normal echogenicity. The liver is normal size. The gallbladder has a normal appearance without gallstones or sludge. There is no thickness
1	DIAGNOSIS ADMISSION:,Right femoral neck fracture, also history of Alzheimer's dementia, and hypothyroidism.,DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:, Right femoral neck fracture, also history of Alzheimer's dementia, hypothyroidism, and post hemiarthroplasty of the hip., PERFORMED PROCESS:,Hemiarthroplasty, right hip.,CONSULTIONS:,Medicine for the management of multiple medical problems, including Alzheimer's.
0	He was first treated by a chiropractor and, after an indefinite period, developed atrophy and contractions of his right hand. He then went to a local neurosurgeon and a cervical scanner, 9/25/92, revealed an intramedullary injury to C2-3 and an extramedullary injury to C6-7. He suffered a C6-T1 in the mid-term.
15	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. urinary retention.,2. hypertrophy of the benign prostate.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. urinary retention.,2. hypertrophy of the benign prostate.,PROCEDURAL REFORMS:,1. cytomethroscopy.,2. transurethral resection of the prostate (TURP).,ANESTHSIE:, Spinal.,RECTION TIME:,less than an hour.,INDICATION FOR PROCEDURE:,It is a male
9	2. Percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty and placement of the right coronary artery stent.,HISTORY:, This is a 58-year-old man with unusual chest discomfort. The patient had elevated troponins suggesting myocardial infarction. The patient is suspected of having a significant obstructive coronary disease, therefore he undergoes cardiac catheterization.,PROCEDURE
5	CT ABDOMEN WITHOUT CONTRAST AND CT PELVIS WITHOUT CONTRAST,REASON FOR EXAM:, Evaluate for retroperitoneal hematoma, the patient has been followed, is currently on Coumadin.,CT ABDOMEN:, There is no evidence of retroperitoneal hematoma.,The liver, spleen, adrenal glands and pancreas are indisputable.
0	DATE OF REVIEW:, Beginning: 12/29/2008 to 1859 hours. End: 12/30/2008 to 0728 hours., TOTAL REGISTRATION TIME:, 12 hours, 29 minutes.,PATIENT HISTORY:, This is a 46-year-old woman with a history of epileptic seizures events. The patient has a history of epilepsy and has also had non-epileptic events in the past.
19	She's a 88-year-old Caucasian woman. She comes here today with a friend. The patient doesn't have any complaints. She says she feels good. Her knees don't hurt at all and she doesn't need Bextra anymore. I think the last steroid injection she had with Dr. XYZ really helped. The patient denies it.
9	XYZ had seen her because of her complaints of shortness of breath. Then she had the lung function test and the scanner and he felt that she probably had a usual interstitial pneumonitis, but she wanted an open pulmonary biopsy so that she had seen Dr. XYZ Estep. He had agreed with Dr. XYZ that an open pulmonary biopsy was appropriate and it was actually planned for that, but both Dr. XY
15	HISTORY: A 68-year-old man with a history of frequency and some obstructive exit problems as well as irritant problems. The patient had a history of PSA and PSA elevated in 2004 was 5.5. In 2003, he had a biopsy of Dr. X, which was negative for prostate adenocarcinoma. The patient had PSAs as high as mentioned above.
2	The family members who were present stated that the patient was becoming more and more anxious and freely admitted that she was depressed at home. They noted that she frequently came to the emergency room for "attention." The patient denied any chest pain or pressure and no change in tolerance. The patient denied any loss of consciousness or incontinence.
12	A biopsy of bone marrow was obtained. Interestingly, at the time of his bone marrow biopsy, his hemoglobin was 13.0 and his number of white blood cells was 6.5 with a platelet count of 484,000. His biopsy was also found in his cell cell count.
5	PRESENTATION: A 16-year-old man in the emergency department (ED) presents rectal bleeding and pain during defecation.,HISTORY: An African-American 16-year-old man presents to the DE a main complaint of rectal bleeding and pain during defecation. The patient states that he was well up to about three days before presentation when he began to feel some pain during defecation. The next day he noticed an increase in pain and first of all blood on the surface of his stool.
1	1. Vomiting, probably secondary to gastroenteritis.,2. Goldenhar syndrome.,3. Severe gastroesophageal reflux.,4. Past history of aspiration and aspiration pneumonia.,DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS,1. Gastroenteritis against intestinal obstruction.,2. Gastroesophageal reflux.,3. Goldenhar syndrome.,4. Anemia, probably iron deficiency.,HISTORY OF ILLISSMENT.
17	HISTORY: The patient is a 19-year-old man who was involved in a fight about an hour before his presentation ED. He hit a guy a few times on the face, maybe his mouth, then hit a drink, breaking and lacerating his right hand. He has three lacerations on his right hand. His wound was carefully cleaned with tap water, and one of the navy's bodies tried to use Superglue and gauze to fix it. However, he continues to bleed and he is here
17	COMPLAINT CHIEF:, Jaw pain this morning., BRIEF HISTORIC OF PRESENT ILLNESS:, It is a very nice 53-year-old white man without a history of heart disease, was allowed to exclude IM and coronary artery disease. The patient has a history of hypercholesterolaemia, currently on Lipitor 20 mg daily and hyperthyroid, on Synthroid 0.088 mg daily.
10	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS,1. Terminal renal disease, hypertension, diabetes, chronic arterioveinous access requirement.,2. ischaemic cardiomyopathy, ejection fraction 20%., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS,1. terminal renal disease, hypertension, diabetes, chronic arterioveinous access need.,2. ischaemic cardiomyopathy, ejection fraction 20%., OPERATION,left forearm arteriovenous fistula between cerebral vein and radi artery
11	The patient is a 10-month-old man who was seen in the office 1 day before admission. He had a history of fever of 2 days that reached 103.6 degrees F. He also had intermittent cough, nasal congestion, and rhinorrhoea and no history of rashes.
9	DIAGNOSTIC:,Breakiness. Fatigue and weakness. Hypertension. Hyperlipidemia.,INDICATION:, To evaluate coronary artery disease.,
5	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. protein-calorie malnutrition.,2. nausea, vomiting and insoluble dysphagia.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. protein-calorie malnutrition.,2. nausea, vomiting and insoluble dysphagia.,3. Enterogastritis.,PROCEDURAL PERFORMANCE:, EGD with placement in the PEG tube using Russell technique.,ANESTHSIE:, sedation
9	HISTORY: The patient is a 4-month-old woman who has now had a supraventricular tachycardia and persistent cyanosis. The patient is the product of a long-term pregnancy that has not been complicated and no perinatal problems are raised. Parents; however, noted the patient to be quite dark since the time of her birth; however, were reassured by the pediatrician that it was normal. The patient shows a good interval gain and only today presented to a hospital.
5	PROCEDURE: Esophagogastroduodenoscopy with biopsy., REASON FOR PROCEDURE: The child with a history of irritability and diarrhoea with gastroesophageal reflux. Solve reflux esophagitis, allergic enteritis and ulcer disease, as well as celiac disease. He was given Prevacid 7.5 mg p.o. b.i.d. with suboptimal control of this irritability.,Consent of history and physical examinations
18	PROCEDURE:, Bilateral dorsal ramus block L5 and bilateral lateral ramus block S1, S2 and S3., INDICATION:, Sacroiliac joint pain., INFORMED CONSENT:, The risks, benefits and alternatives of the procedure were discussed with the patient. The patient had the opportunity to ask questions about the procedure, its indications and the associated risks.,The risk of the procedure discussed includes infection, bleeding, allergic reactions, dural perforation, headache, nerve damage
5	CURRENT IMMUNERATION HISTORY: In short, it is a 17-year-old man, who has had dysphagia problems in solids and has recently had effects on food in the lower esophagus. He now has a superior endoscopy to evaluate the esophagus after the edema and inflammation of the food impact have solved, to look for any rigor that may need to be dilated, or any other mucosal abnormalities.,PROCEDURAL PERFORMED
15	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, left inguinal hernia., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, left indirect inguinal hernia.,PERFORMED PROCEDURE:, Indirect left inguinal hernia repair.,ANESTHSIA:, Spinal with local.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,DISPOSITION: The patient has tolerated the procedure well, has been transferred to recovery in a stable state.,SPECIMEN:, Hernia bag.,BREF HIST
8	The patient has been informed by Dr. ABC that he does not need a study of sleep according to the patient.,PHYSICAL REVIEW:,General: Pleasant, brighter.,Visitive signs: 117/78, 12, 56.,Abdomen: soft, unsensitive. Bowel sounds normal.,ASSESSMENT AND PLAN:,1. Constipation. Magnesia milk 30 mL per day p.r.n., Dulcolax suppository twice a week p.r.
13	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Vault prolapse and rectocele.,POSTOPERATIVES DIAGNOSIS:, Vault prolapse and rectocele., OPERATION:, Colpocleisis and rectocele repair.,ANESTHSIE:,Spinal.,ESTIMATE BLOOD LOSS:, Minimal.,FLUIDS:, Crystalloid.,BRIEF HISTORY OF THE PATIENT:, She is an 85-year-old woman
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,Carpal tunnel syndrome, bilateral.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,Carpal tunnel syndrome, bilateral.,ANESTHSIA:,General,OPERATION NAME:,Bilateral open carpal tunnel syndrome.,OPERATION AFINITIONS:,The patient had identical transverse carpal ligaments, very thick, with dull synovium.,PROCEDURE:,Under anest
2	CURRENT IMMUNERATION HISTORY: This 40-year-old single has been hospitalized at XYZ Hospital in the mental health department, the problems have been filled by his sister and mother. The issues at stake include the fact that for 10 years, he has been disabled for psychiatric reasons and has not worked, and in the last few weeks to months, he has started calling his family about the fact that he had been sexually abused by his brother. He has been in external therapy with Jeffrey Silverberg for 10 years and Mr. Silver
13	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1.Endometriosis IV with severe pelvic pain.,2.Post anterior to left salpingophorectomy.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1.Endometriosis IV with severe pelvic pain.,2.Post- anterior to left salpingophorectomy.,3.Severe adhesions.,TYPE OF ANESTHESIA:, General endotracheal tube., TECHNICAL PROCEDURE:
0	She remembers that the tremors started in her right hand around this period later in the early 20s she was put into propranolol for the tremor and more recently over the last 10 years she was put on primidone and clonazepam. She thinks that her clonazepam helps with the tremors. She remembers that the tremors started in her right hand around this period later in the early 20s she was put in propranolol for the tremor and more recently over the last 10 years she was put on primidone and clonazepam. She thinks that her clonazepam helps with the tremors.
7	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Cataract, right eye., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Cataract, right eye., OPERATING TITLE:,Phacoemulsification with intraocular insertion of the lens, right eye.,ANESTHSIA:, retrobulbary block.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,DETAIL PROCEDURAL:,The patient was taken to the operating room where retrobulbary anesthesia was induced.
0	CC:, Intermittent binocular horizontal, vertical and torsional diplopia.,HX:,70y/o RHM referenced by neuroophthalmology for the evaluation of neuromuscular disease. In 7/91, he began to experience intermittent binocular horizontal, vertical and torsional diplopia which was worse and frequent at the end of the day, and was eliminated when one of the two eyes closed.
16	INDICATION:, Aortic stenosis.,PROCEDURAL:, Transoesophageal Echocardiogram.,INTERPRETATION:,Procedure and complications explained to the patient in detail. Informed consent was obtained. The patient was anaesthetized in the throat with lidocaine spray. Subsequently, 3 mg IV Versed was given for sedation. The patient was positioned and the transoesophageal probe was introduced without any difficulty. Images taken. The patient was very well tolerated for sedation. The patient was positioned and the transoesophageal probe was introduced without any difficulty.
5	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Anemia., PROCESS:, Upper gastrointestinal endoscopy.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. severe duodenitis.,2. gastroesophageal junction small ulceration seen.,3. No major bleeding seen in the stomach.,DETAIL PROCEDURAL:, The patient was placed in the left lateral position. Olympus carried was inserted from the mouth, under direct visualization advanced to the upper part of the stomach, upper part of the stomach.
6	This 5-year-old boy shows up at the emergency department of the children's hospital by the mother with "have asthma." Mother says he was wheezing and coughing. They saw their principal doctor. He was assessed at the clinic, given the breathing treatment and returned home, had no asthma, prescribed prednisone and an antibiotic. They said to go to the emergency room if he got worse. He had some vomiting and some abdominal pain. His maximum flow in the morning is normal at the hospital.
10	CURRENT IMMUNERATION HISTORY: The patient is a 78-year-old woman here because of a recently discovered microscopic haematuria. The history of the current disease occurs in the context of a recent control, which has demonstrated red blood cells and red blood cells throw on a routine evaluation. The patient does not have new joint pain; however, she has a history of chronic degenerative joint disease. She does not use nonsteroidal agents. She does not have a history of chronic degenerative joint disease.
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS (ES):, Recurrent Hernia L4-5 disc with left radiculopathy., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS (ES):, Recurring Hernia L4-5 disc with left radiculopathy.,PROCEDURAL:, Redo L4-5 discctomy left.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,ANTIBIOTIC (S),: Vancomycin administered preoperatively., ANSTHSIA:, General Endotracheal., LOSSE DE
7	Description of the procedure: After obtaining the appropriate operational consent, the patient was brought under the supine into the operating room and placed on the operating room table. The induction of a general anaesthetic by endotracheal intubation was performed without difficulty. The patient's right eye was prepared and draped in sterile ophthalmic manner and the procedure began.
9	STUDY INDICATION: thoracic pain, CAD and cardiomyopathy.,MEDICATIONS:, Humulin, lisinopril, furosemide, spironolactone, omeprazole, sculptilol, pravastatin, aspirin, hydrocodone and diazepam.,BASELINE EKG:, sinus rhythm at 71 beats per minute, left anterior fascicular block, LVBB., PERSANTINE RESULTS:, Heart rate
9	After the risks, benefits and alternatives of the above procedure were explained to the patient and the patient's family in detail, informed consent was obtained both verbally and in writing. The patient was brought in as a result of cardiac catheterization where the right internal jugular area was prepared and draped in the usual sterile manner. 1% lidocaine solution was used to infiltrate the skin beyond the correct internal area. 1% lidocaine solution was used to infiltrate the skin
15	The patient is a 46-year-old woman who presented to the emergency room with pain from the left flank and difficulty in urinating. The details are in history and physical. She has a historical wave of a left kidney bruise in a motor vehicle accident. She feels much better today. I was consulted by Dr. X.,MEDICATIONS:, Ritalin 50 a day.,ALLER
17	PROBLEM LIST:,1. stable HIV.,2. chronic hepatitis C.,3. history of depression, stable medication.,4. hypertension, moderately controlled.,CHIEF COMPLAINT:, The patient comes for a routine follow-up appointment.,IMMUNERATION PRESENTATION HISTORY:, This is an African-American woman of 34 years who comes today for routine follow-up. She has no acute complaints.
5	DIAGNOSIS ON ADMISSION:, Gastrointestinal bleeding.,DIAGNOSIS ON DISCHARGE,1. Gastrointestinal bleeding, unknown source, but possibly due to internal hemorrhoids.,2. Cardiovascular atherosclerosis.,3. Hypothyroidism.,PROCEDURAL:, Colonoscopy.,FINDANCE:, Bad preparation with friable internal hemorrhoids, but no serious lesions, no source of bleeding.,HOSPITAL COURSES:
3	The patient is an African-American woman from 1 month to 26 days in her normal state of health until today, when she was taken to her primary care doctor's office to establish care and to follow her food. The patient seemed to have a failure to thrive. was only at her birth weight but when eating one can be earned 2 ounces every 3-4 hours, and was noted to have a murmuring. At this point, the Hospitalist Service was contacted.
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Rotator wrist tear of right shoulder.,2. Rotator wrist arthroscopy of Glenohumeral.,3. Degenerative joint disease.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Rotator wrist tear of right shoulder.,2. Rotator wrist arthroscopy of Glenohumeral.,3. Degenerative joint disease.,PERFORMED PRODUCT:,Hemiarthroplasty of
16	The patient is a 79-year-old man with an adult hydrocephalus who was found to have large bilateral effusions on a CT scan performed on January 16, 2008. I changed the setting of the hunt from 1.5 to 2.0 on February 12, 2008 and his family got this CT scan repeated to determine if his subdural effusions were improving., the CT scan of 03/11/2008 shows a frontal horn range at the level of Munro foramen of 2.6 cm. The 3rd ventricular contour which is flat with a ventricular range
3	OBJECTIVE: The patient presents with mom for a first visit to our office for a child's well-being check with the worry of some spit a bit. Mom wants to make sure it is normal. The patient breastfeeds well every two to three hours. She has a certain spit up occasionally. This has happened two or three times with a curded aspect x 1. No projectile in nature, not bile. Normal vacuum and stool. Growth and development: Denver II
9	The patient is a 62-year-old African-American woman with a history of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia and stroke, referred by Dr. X for the evaluation and management of atrial fibrillation.The patient states that on Monday during the Holt routine examination, it was detected by Dr. X that her heart was irregular on the examination. EKG
14	XYZ, D.C.,Re: ABC,Dear Dr. XYZ:,I had the pleasure of seeing your patient, ABC, today MM/JJ/YYY in consultation. He is an unfortunate 19-year-old right-handed man who was injured in a motor vehicle accident on MM/JJ/YYYY, where he was the driver of an automobile, who was hit on the front side of the passenger. The patient suffered injuries to the neck and lower back. There were no injuries.
16	INDICATIONS:, Previously abnormally abnormal dobutamine stress test Myoview and closed scan.,PROCEDURAL DATA:, Myoview infusion analysis at rest and myocardial scan at rest.,MYOCARDIAL PERFUSION IMAGE:, Resting myocardial infusion imaging and closed scan were performed with 32.6 mCi of Tc-99m Myoview. The study of rest was performed and compared with a previous stress test of dobutamine M
0	CURRENT DISEASE HISTORY: The patient is a 36-year-old woman with a medical history of migraine headache, who was taken to the emergency room after having had uncontrolled headaches. In the emergency room, the patient made a scanner, which was reported negative, and the lumbar puncture with normal pressure and number of cells, and was admitted for follow-up. Neurology consultation was called to evaluate the patient for the current symptomatology. Headaches were refractory.
16	This did not improve his symptoms, and in the last week before admission began to develop the left weakness of the face / LUE / LLE. He was seen by a local doctor on 12/8/92 and underwent and brain MRI
16	MYOVIEW NUCLEAR STRESS STUDY,REASON FOR TEST:, Angine, coronary artery disease.,FINDINGS:, The Lexiscan nuclear stress study patient received a total of 0.4 mg of Lexiscan. At the maximum hyperemic effect, 25.8 mCi of Myoview injected for stress imaging and earlier 8.1 mCi of Myoview injected for rest and the usual SPECT and SPECT generated SPECT protocol were followed.
9	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Oxygen dependence.,2. Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Oxygen dependence.,2. Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.,PERFORMED PROCEDURAL:,1. Tracheostomy with skin flaps.,2. SCOOP FastTract.,ANESTHSIA:, Total Anaesthesia IV., BLOOD LOSSES ESTIMATED:,Minimum.,COM
19	COMPLAINT CHIEF:, Polycythemia rubra vera., HISTORY OF CURRENT ILLENCE:, The patient is a 83-year-old woman with a history of polycythemia vera. She comes to the clinic today for follow-up. She has not needed phlebotomy for several months. The patient comes to the unaccompanied clinic., CURRENT MEDICATIONS:, Levothyroxine 200 mcg q.d., Nexium 40 mg q.d.,
9	ULTRASOUND DOMPLEUR,REASON FOR EXAM:, condition after delivery five weeks ago with pain of the left calf.,INTERPRETATIONS:, There was a normal flow, compression and increase in the femoral, femoral and poplitary veins on the right. Lymph nodes in the left inguinal region measure up to 1 cm in the short axis., PRINSION:, Lymph nodes in the left inguinal region measure up to
12	The patient is a very pleasant 77-year-old woman who noticed an increase in her liver function tests on routine blood work in December 2009. Abdominal ultrasound showed gallbladder sludge and gallbladder results compatible with adenomomatosis. The common biliary canal was noted to be 10 mm tall on this ultrasound. She then underwent an abdominal scanner in July 2010, which showed an intrahepatic canal.
17	For 3 years, he has had intermittent episodes of severe nausea and abdominal pain. On the morning of this confession, he had the appearance of severe pain with nausea and vomiting and was seen in the emergency department, where Dr. XYZ noticed an umbilical hernia incarcerated. He was able to reduce this, with relief of pain. He is now admitted for definitive repair.,MEDICAL HISTORY PASSED:, Important only for hemorrhoidctomy.
0	PRINTING: EEG during awakening, somnolence and sleep with synchronous video surveillance showed no focal or epileptogenic activity.
17	The patient is a 35-year-old woman who has been admitted with major complaints of chest pain, left side pain with severe chest oppression after having had an emotional argument with her boyfriend. The patient has a long history of psychological disorders. According to the patient, she also has a history of supraventricular tachycardia and coronary disease, for which the patient did a job at the ABC medical centre. The patient was assessed in the emergency room. Initial cardiac work was negative. The patient was admitted to the telemetry unit.
5	CURRENT IMMUNERATION HISTORY: The patient is a 48-year-old man who has had abdominal pain since October last year combined with a weight loss of 30 pounds and then developed jaundice. He had epigastric pain and was admitted to hospital. A thin-cut scanner was performed, which revealed a pancreatic mass of 4 x 3 x 2 cm with involved lymph nodes and enhanced cycle lesions corresponding to liver metastases.
14	The patient stated that she had suffered an initial injury eight years ago when she fell into a ABC store. The patient stated that she had received physical therapy, one to two visits and only received a modality treatment, in particular electric stimulation and a block of heat per patient. The patient stated that she had had continuous low-back pain to varying degrees over the past eight years. The patient gave birth in August 2008 and
9	HISTORY OF CURRENT ILLENCE:, The patient is known for me secondary to atrial fibrillation with a slow ventricular response, partly due to medication, at least when I saw him for the first time in the office on 01/11/06. He is now 77 years old. He is seen on the seventh floor. The patient is in room 7607. The patient has a history of recent adenocarcinoma of the duodenum that has been deemed inoperative, since he swallowed the porta hepati
14	PROCEDURES:, Total replacement of the knee., DESCRIPTION OF THE PROCEDURE:, The patient was purchased from the operating room and placed in the supine position. After the induction of the anesthesia, a turnstile was placed on the upper thigh. The sterile preparation and dredging continued. The turnstile was swollen to 300 mmHg. A median incision was made, centered on the patella. Dissection was carried abruptly through the subcutaneous tissues. An art.
0	The patient is an 11-month-old child with a stage 2 neuroblastoma diagnosis here for the continuous management of his disease and the visit is supervised by Dr. X., HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:, The patient is an 11-month-old child with neuroblastoma, who initially presented on the left when he was 6 weeks old and was completely resequenced. He was felt as being step 2. He was not N-Myc amplified and had favored Shimada
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, T12 compression fracture with cauda equina syndrome and spinal cord compression., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, T12 compression fracture with cauda equina syndrome and spinal cord compression., PERFORMED OPERATION:, T12 decompressive laminectomy with bilateral facetectomies, T11 and T12 nerve root decompression bilaterally with post-olateral fusion supplemented by allogre bone chips
13	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: 1. grade III intraepithelial neoplasia of the cervix after conisation with low margins.,2. grade III intraepithelial dysplasia of the cervix.,4. grade II-III. procedure, POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. grade III intraepithelial neoplasia of the cervix postconisation.,2. poor margins.,3. intraepithelial dysplasia of the cervix
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Fracture of the forearm of the two bones on the right., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Fracture of the forearm of the two bones on the right., INDICATIONS: Mr. ABC is a 10-year-old boy who suffered a fall resulting in a fracture of the forearm of the two bones on the right. After evaluation by the emergency department's orthopaedic surgery team, it was determined that a closed reduction under conscious sedation and the application of a splint was
16	2-D STUDY,1. Light aortic stenosis, largely calcified, minimally restricted.,2. Light left ventricular hypertrophy but normal systolic function.,3. Moderate bial enlargement.,4. Normal right ventricle.,5. Normal appearance of tricuspid and mitral valves.,6. Normal left ventricle systolic function and left ventricle.,DOPPLER,1. There is an aortic regurgitation of 1 to 2+ easy to see, but no aortic stenosis.
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Chronic venous hypertension with painful varicosities, lower extremities, bilaterally., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Chronic venous hypertension with painful varicosities, lower extremities, bilaterally.,PROCEDURES,1. Saphenous vein screening and stabbing of phlebectomies requiring 10 to 20 incisions, right leg.,2. Saphenous vein screening and stabbing of phlebectomies requiring 10 to 20 incisions,
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: secondary cervical myelopathy at very large disc hernias at C4-C5 and C5-C6; POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: secondary cervical myelopathy at very large disc hernias at C4-C5 and C5-C6; REFORMED PROCESS:1. anterior cervical discectomy, C4-C5 and C5-C6.2. Arthrodesis, C4-C5 and C5-C6.
17	The patient is a 10-day Caucasian woman here for about 1 minute bilateral arm and the leg of the idiots, who started on the day of life 1 and have taken place 6 times in total since. Mom denies any apnea, perioral cyanosis, or change of color. These movements are without scamming of the back. They occur mainly during sleep, so mom is not aware of any eye rolling. Mom is able to wake up the patient during these periods and stop the patient.
3	SUBJECTIVE: This is a 1-month-old child who comes for a health check. Mom says things are going very well. He acts as if he had a little sore throat but no fever. He always eats well. He is up to 4 ounces each diet. He did not spit up. Travel and stools well.,MEDICAL HISTORY PASSED:, Reviewed, very healthy.,CURRENT MEDICATIONS:, None.,ALLERGIES
10	EXAM:, CT Abdomen & Pelvis W&WO Contrast,,REASON FOR EXAM:, Status post aortobiliiac grafting repair.,,TECHNIQUE:, 5 mm spiral thickness CT spiral sweep was carried out through the entire abdomen and the pelvis using improved dynamic contrast bolus intravenous. No oral or rectal contrast was used. Comparison is made with the front CT abdomen and pelvis dated 10/20/05. There was no significant change in size of l
14	POST-OP DIAGNOSIS:, Osteoporosis, pathological fractures T12-L2 with severe kyphosis.,POST-OP DIAGNOSIS:, Osteoporosis, pathological fractures T12-L2 with severe kyphosis.,PROCEDURE:1. KYPHON Balloon Kyphoplasty to T12 and L1evels Insertion of bone cement KYPHON HV-R under low pressure at T12 and L1 levels.,2. Biopsy
12	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Right pleural mass., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Mesothelioma.,Performed procedures:,1. Flexible Bronchoscopy.,2. Mediaostinoscopy.,3. Right Thoracotomy.,4. Parietal pleural biopsy.,CONSULTS:,Consultations obtained during this hospitalization included:,1. Radiological oncology.,2. Pulmonary medicine.,3. Medical oncology.,4.
8	CURRENT IMMUNERATION HISTORY: This 66-year-old white male was seen in my office the month DD, YYYY. Patient was recently released from the doctors' hospital in Parkway after being treated for pneumonia. Patient continues to have severe orthopnoea, paroxysmal night dyspnoea, cough with greenish expectoration. His exercise tolerance is about two to three meters for shortness of breath. The patient stopped taking Coumadin for
19	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Abnormal uterine bleeding.,2. enlarged fibroid uterus.,3. Hypermenorrhoea.,4. intermenstrual spotting.,5. Ultrasonic thick endometrium of a 2 cm lining.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. abnormal uterine bleeding.,2. enlarged fibroid uterus.,3. Hypermenorrhoea.,4. intermenstrual spotting.,5. Ultra thick endometrium
10	The patient is an 85-year-old man who follows as an external patient with Dr. A. He is known to us from the time of his last admission. At that time, he was admitted with difficulty of emptying and constipation. His urine cultures ended up being negative. He was seen by Dr. B and returned home to Levaquin for five days., Today he presents to the emergency with the hematuria that started while he was sleeping last night. He denies any pain, nausea, vomiting or diarrhoea
7	DIAGNOSIS:, Sclerotic and nuclear cortical cataract, right eye., OPERATION:, Phacoemulsion and extracapsular cataract extraction with implantation of intraocular lens, right eye., PROCESS: The patient was led to the operating room and placed on the table in supine position. Cardiac monitor and oxygen at 5 liters per minute were connected by the nurses. Local anaesthesia was obtained with 2% of lidocaine, 0/75% Marcaine, 0.5 c
1	In the case of heart catheterization, there is a need for heart catheterization at ABCD.,TRANSFER DIAGNOSIS:,1. coronary artery disease.,2. chest pain.,3. history of diabetes.,4. history of hypertension.,5. history of obesity.,6. a 1.1 cm lesion in the medial aspect of the right parietal lobe.,7. deconditioning.,CONSULTATIONS:, Cardiology.,PROCEDURS:,1. Echocardiogram.,
16	The uterus measures 8.6 x 4.4 x 5.4 cm and contains a gestational bag with a sign of a double deciduous bag. A yellow bag is visualized. This appears to represent a crown rump length of 3.3 mm for an estimated sound age of 6 weeks 0 days and an estimated delivery date of 09/28/09. However, please note that no fetal heart tone is observed. However, heart tone is not observed.
15	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Voluntary sterility., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Voluntary sterility., OPERATIONAL PROCEDURE:, Bilateral vasectomy.,ANESTHSIA:, Local., INDICATIONS FOR PROCEDURE:,A gentleman who is here today asking for voluntary sterility. The options were discussed for voluntary sterility and he chose to proceed with a bilateral vasectomy.,Procedure DESCRIPTION:,The patient was brought into the operating room,
16	HISTORY: The patient is a 52-year-old woman in the right hand with long-standing bilateral arm pain, which is mainly in the medial aspect of her arms and hands as well as numbness of the left hand, worse at night and after repetitive work with her left hand. She denies any weakness. No significant pain in the neck, change in the symptoms of the intestine or bladder, change of the gait, or similar symptoms in the past. She is on Lyrica for pain, which has been a little successful
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Right carpal tunnel syndrome.,2. Right carpal tunnel syndrome.,2. Right carpal tunnel syndrome.,2. Right carpal tunnel syndrome and middle finger tenosynovitis.,PERFORMED PROCEDURES:,1. Right carpal tunnel release.,2. Right carpal index and middle finger release.,TOURNICAL T
14	There is absolutely no surgery at this time that would be beneficial for her axial back pain due to her disturbance of the lumbar internal disc.,MEDICAL HISTORY PASSED:, Important for anxiety disorder.,SURGARY HISTORY PASSED:, Foot surgery, abdominal surgery and knee surgery.,CURRENT MEDICATIONS:, Lipitor and Lexapro.,ALLERGIES:,She is allergic to sulfa medicines.,H
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Left carpal canal syndrome (354.0),2. Imprisonment of left lunar nerve at elbow (354.2),POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Left carpal tunnel syndrome (354.0),2. Imprisonment of left lunar nerve at elbow (354.2), PERFORMED OPERATIONS:,1. Release of left carpal tunnel (64721).,2. Transposition of left lunar nerve at elbow (64718).
16	CC:, Decreased visual acuity.,HX:,This 62 y/o RHF presented locally with a 2 month history of progressive loss of visual acuity, OD. She had a 2 year history of progressive loss of visual acuity, OS, and is now blind in this eye. She denied any other symptoms.
10	ADMITING DIAGNOSIS:, Lone left kidney with obstruction, and hypertension, and chronic renal failure.,DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:, Lone left kidney with obstruction and hypertension and chronic renal failure, plus urinary infection of Pseudomonas.,PROCEDURE:, Cystoscopy under anesthesia, ureteroscopy, an attempt to place in the tube, elimination of the stent with retrograde pyelography, placement in the percutaneous tube and radio nephrostomy
1	Pancytopenia.,4. Hypertension.,5. Perianal rash.,6. Sweet diabetes.,7. Hypoxia.,8. Prephylaxis of seizure.,9. Acute renal injury.,PROCEDURE DURING HOSPITALIZATION:1, Cycle five methotrexate at high dose.,2. Weekly Rituxan.,3. Thoracic radiography.,4.
0	► TECHNICAL:, Sequential images of CT axial were obtained from the vertex at the base of the skull without contrast.,FINDIFICATIONS:, There is a slight generalized atrophy. Patchy outbreaks scattered of attenuation decrease are observed in subcortical white matter and periventricular compatible with chronic ischemic changes in small vessels. The cerebral parenchyma is also normal in attenuation without evidence of mass, hemorrhage, displacement of the median line, hydrocephaly,
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Herniated nucleus paste T8-T9., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Herniated nucleus paste T8-T9., PERFORMED OPERATION:, Thoracic discectomy on the right side to T8-T9., BRIEF HISTORY AND INDICATION OF OPERATION:, The patient is a 53-year-old female with a history of straight chest pain related to a herniated nucleus pulp to T8-
19	OBJECTIVE:
14	The patient was purchased from the operating room and placed in the supine position. After the induction of the anesthesia, the patient was turned to the side and attached to the hip table. An incision was made, centred on the largest troglodyte. The dissection was carried abruptly through the subcutaneous tissues. The gluteus maximus was incised and split.
13	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Intrauterine pregnancy at 39 weeks.,2. History of previous section of caesarean x2. The patient wants a new section.,3. Chronic hypertension.,4. Unwanted future infertility. The patient wants permanent sterilization.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Intrauterine pregnancy at 39 weeks.,2. History of previous section of caesarean x2. The patient wants a new section.,3.
9	According to the mother's report, the disease started 9 days ago with a dry cough. The patient was eating normally until about three days ago. Mom used a spray at night, which she felt she had helped. The patient's cough gradually worsened and three days ago, the cough increased significantly. At that time, the patient also had significant congestion.
0	HX:,This 27y/o RHF experienced a sudden word of appearance finding difficulties and a dreadful speech in the evening of 2/19/96. She denied any associated dysphagia, diplopia, numbness or weakness of her extremities. She went to sleep with her symptoms on 2/19/96, and woke up with them on 2/20/96. She also woke up with a headache (HA) and a stiffness of the soft neck. She took a shower and her HA and stiffness
9	The transoesophageal probe was introduced without difficulty into the posterior pharynx and the esophagus.,FINDINGS:,1. left ventricle is normal in size and function; ejection fraction about 60%.,2. right ventricle is normal in size and function.,
6	HISTORY: The patient is a 25-year-old man who was seen in the emergency room at the children's hospital today. He brought his 3-month-old daughter into the assessment but also wanted to be assessed himself because he had "nerve cage cages" in recent days. He denies any history of trauma. He increased the pain with laugh. By the patient, he also claims to have a high temperature yesterday of 101. Apparently, the patient went to the emergency room at ABCD yesterday, but due to
0	FINANCING:,Axial scans were performed from L1 to S2 and reformatted images were obtained in sagittal and coronal planes.,The preliminary scouting film shows a spondylosis anterior to T11-12 and T12-L1.,L1-2: There is a normal disk height, a spondylosis anterior to the end of the plate, a very minimal vacuum change without a posterior padding or protrusion of the ring disc.
3	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, left communicating hydrocele.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, left communicating hydrocele.,ANESTHSIA:,General.,PROCEDURAL:, left inguinal hernia and left hydrocele repair.,INDICATIONS:, The patient is a 5-year-old man with a fluid collection in the vaginalis tunica and peritesticular space on the left side compatible with a communicating hydrocele. The size of the liquid tends to fluctuate with the
10	HISTORY: The patient is a 61-year-old male. I was asked to evaluate this patient due to increased blood urea and creatinine. The patient has ascites, pleural effusion, haematuria, history of coronary artery, pulmonary nodules, history of congestive heart failure post AICD. The patient has a history of exposure to asbestos in the past, a history of diabetes mellitus of 15 years, hypertension, and peripheral vascular diseases.
14	There is no acute bone marrow oedema (series #12 images #5-7). The narrow signal is also normal in the distal ray and ulna, in the carp and in the proximal metacarp.,There is a partial tearing of the volar component of the scapholunate ligament in the post-traumatic lunar cyst region with retraction and thickening towards the scaphoid (series)
16	RATIONALE OF EXAMINATION: The sleeping face.,Comparison review: None.,TECHNIQUE: Several axial images were obtained from the brain. 5 mm sections were acquired. 2.5 mm sections were acquired without injection of intravenous contrast. Sagittal and coronal reformed images were obtained.,DISCUSSION: No acute intracranial anomaly was appreciated.
18	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: lumbar radiculopathy, 724.4., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, lumbar radiculopathy, 724.4., PROCEDURE:, injection of lumbar epidural steroids.,ANESTHSIOLOGIST:, Monitored anaesthetic care,INJECTATE USED:, 10 mL of 0.5% lidocaine and 80 mg of Depo-Medrol., ESTIMATED BLOOD LOSSES:, Ne
10	The patient complains of fatigue, nausea, vomiting and fever. The patient states that the leak was placed in February, although according to medical records, he was placed in April and he has been regularly whipped since his placement. The patient had had dialysis today, which is the first time that he had been placed in the hospital.
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS,1. Herniated disc, C5-C6.2. Cervical spondylosis, C5-C6., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS,1. Herniated disc, C5-C6.2. Cervical spondylosis, C5-C6.,PROCEDURES,1. anterior cervical discectomy with decompression, C5-C6.2. anterior cervical fusion, C5-C6.3. anterior cervical instrumentation
1	Severe bronchitis leading to acute respiratory failure is improving.,3. Acute chronic renal failure has improved.,4. Severe hypertension has improved.,5. Diastolic dysfunction.,X-rays during discharge have not shown congestion and pro-BNP is normal.,SECONDARY DIAGNOSIS:,1. Hyperlipidemia.,2. Recent evaluation and treatment, including cardiac catheterism, which has not shown coronary artery disease.,3. Distant history
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Preserved material, Ulnar law, POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Preserved material, Ulnar law, PROCEDURE:, Material removal, Ulnar law, ANESTHSIA:, The patient received 2.5 mL of Marcaine and local anaesthetic.,COMPLICATIONS:, No intraoperative complications., DRAINS:, None.,SPECIMENS:, None.,HISTORY AND PHYSICAL:,The patient
0	The patient is interviewed with her husband in the room.,CURRENT ILLENCE HISTORY:, This is a 69-year-old Caucasian woman with a history of Huntington's disease, who appeared in hospital four days ago after an overdose of approximately 30 Haldol 5 mg tablets each and Tylenol 325 mg each, 40 tablets. She was on the medical floor to monitor and is medically stable and was transferred to the psychiatric floor today.
16	NERVE CONDUCTION STUDIES:, Bilateral lunar sensory responses are absent. Bilateral median distal latency is prolonged with a strongly attenuated response amplitude. The left radial sensory response is normal and robust. The left sural response is absent. The left median distal latency is prolonged with a reduced response amplitude. The conduction rate across the forearm is slightly slowed. The right median distal latency is prolonged with an amplitude of response and a rate of con
9	Grade II: We see atherosclerotic plates that appear to cause 40 to 60% obstruction.,Grade III: We see atherosclerotic plates that seem to cause more than 60% obstruction.,Grade IV: The vessel is not pulsating and the artery appears to be completely obstructed without blood flow.,RIGHT CAROTIDE SYSTEM:, The common carotid artery and bulb area show a slight intimal thickening without increasing speed and no evidence of any other obstruction.
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Cervical spondylosis C5-C6 greater than C6-C7 (721.0),2. Neck pain, progressive (723.1) with right-to-left radiculopathy (723.4), POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Cervical spondylosis C5-C6 greater than C6-C7 (721.0),2. Neck pain, progressive (723.1) with right-to-left radiculopathy (723.4), confirmed surgical results,PRO
5	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, morbid obesity., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, morbid obesity., PROCESS:, Laparoscopic Gastric, antecolic, antegastric bypass with 25 mm of EEA anastamosis, esophagogastroduodenoscopy., ANSTHSIA:, General with endotracheal intubation., INDICATIONS FOR PROCEDURE:, It is a man of 50
17	In addition, he stated that his family had noticed the yellowing of his skin and eyes, although he did not notice himself., He complained of subjective fever and chills as well as occasional night sweats during the previous week or so and he noted anorexia for 3-4 weeks leading to 26 pounds of weight loss (213 pounds to 187 pounds).
11	NASAL EXAM:, The nose is coarsely in the middle line without signs of fractures or dislocations. Nasal septum is approximately in the middle line with pale boggy mucous membranes and moderately enlarged lower turbinates. There are no pus or polyps in the nose on anterior rhinoscopy. The respiratory tract seems adequate. No external prolapsus are observed.,THROAT EXAM:, The oral cavity is clear. The tongue is clear with no lesions noted and
16	CC:,BLE weakness and numbness.,HX:, This 59 y/o RHM was seen and released from an ER 1 week before this presentation for a story of 3 weeks of progressive sensory deficits and motors in the two lower extremities. He reported numbness starting on his trunk and slowly progressing to involve its lower extremities over a period of 4 weeks. Upon presentation, he felt numbed from the nipple line down. In addition, he began to experience progressive weakness in its lower extremities during
8	CURRENT IMMUNERATION HISTORY: It is a 79-year-old white man who presents for nephrological follow-up for his chronic renal disease secondary to nephrosclerosis and unfunctional right kidney. His most recent BUN and creatinine on 04/04/06 are 40/2.0, which is stable. He denies any chest pain or oppression in his chest. He denies any shortness of breath, nausea or vomiting. He denies any change to his appetite. He denies any fever, chills,
15	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Non-functional inflatable penile prosthesis.,2. Peyronie disease.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Non-functional inflatable penile prosthesis.,2. Peyronie disease.,PERFORMED PROCESS:, Ex-planting of inflatable penile prosthesis and installation of second inflatable penile prosthesis AMS700.,ANESTHSIE:, General LMA.,SP
14	After administration of appropriate antibiotics and MAC anesthesia, the upper end was prepared and draped in the usual manner. The arm was exsanguinated with Esmarch, and the turnstile swollen to 250 mmHg.,A longitudinal incision was made on the pulley A1 of the digit. The dissection was carried to the flexible sheath carefully to identify and protect the neurovascular beams. The sheath was opened under direct vision with a direct vision of a
10	The patient has had tubes of bilateral nephrostomy placed a month ago secondary to that of the patient. The patient has had tubes of bilateral nephrostomy placed a month ago secondary to that of the patient. The patient has not had any pain, has no fever and has no other problems or complaints. The patient has had tubes of bilateral nephrostomy placed a month ago secondary to that of the patient.
16	PROCEDURE:, Radiofrequency thermocoagulation of the sympathetic bilateral lumbar chain.,ANESTHSIE:, Local sedation.,VITAL SIGNS:, See the notes of the nurse.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,PROCEEDING DETAILS:,INT was placed. The patient was in the operating room in the position subject with the prepared back and draped sterilely. The patient received sedation and monitored.
16	EXAM:,Thoracic Spine.,REASON FOR EXAM:, Injuries., INTERPRETATION:, The thoracic column has been examined in the projections of the PA, laterals and swimmers. There is a slight chronic anterior setting of what is believed to represent T11 and 12 vertebral bodies. A slight amount of anterior osteophytic lipping is observed involving the thoracic column. There is a suggestion of generalized osteoporosis. Intervertebral disc spaces usually appear well
11	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,Oropharyngeal foreign body.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Foreign body, left valecula at the base of the tongue.,2. Respiratory tract is patented and stable.,PERFORMED PROCEDURE:, Flexible nasal laryngoscopy.,ANESTHSIA:, ______ with viscous nasal spray.,INDICATIONS:, The patient is a 39-year-old Caucasian man who presented to AB
0	CC:, Slowing of motority and cognitive function.,HX:,This 42 y/o LHM presented on 3/16/93 with a progressive degradation of motority and cognitive skills over 3 years. He had difficulty in occupying a job. His most recent job ended 3 years ago because he was unable to learn the right protocols for maintaining a large belt of transporter. Before that, he was unable to hold a job in the mortgage department of a bank as could not draw and figure
0	EXAM:, Non-contrast CT scenario of the lumbar spine, REASON FOR EXAM:, Muscle spasm of the lower left extremity.,COMPARISONS:, None.,FINDINGS:, Transaxial thin slice CT images of the lumbar spine were obtained with emergency sagittal and coronal reconstructions, as requested.,No abnormal parasitic mass is identified.,There are sclerotic changes with anterior joint effusion
15	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Testicular torsion left, possibly detortion., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Testicular torsion left, possibly detortion.,PROCEDURE:, Left scrotal exploration with detortion. Already, fixation of the detorted bilateral testicles and bilateral appendix testicular cauteristics.,ANESTHETIC:, A 0.25 % Local insufflation of Marcaine's wound by surgeon, 15 mL of Toradol., FIN
6	The patient is a 71-year-old patient of Dr. X. The patient presented to the emergency room last night with approximately 7 to 8 days of history of persistent abdominal pain. She was seen 3 to 4 days ago at ABC ER and underwent an assessment and discharge and had a scanner at that time and was told it was "normal". She was given oral antibiotics of Cipro and Flagyl.
16	Description:,1. Normal size of the cardiac chambers.,2. Normal size of the left ventricular.,3. Normal systolic function of the LV. Estimated ejection fraction around 60%.,4. Aortic valve view with good motion.,5. Mitral valve view with good motion.,6. Tricuspid valve view with good motion.,7. No pericardial outpouring or intracardiac masses.,DOPPLER:,1. Trace mitral regurgitation.,2. Trace tricuspid regurgitation.,2. Trace tricuspid regurgitation.,1.
5	INDICATION:, Rectal bleeding, PREMEDICATION:, See nurse's intervention sheet NCS.,PROCEDURAL:,
6	Mr. ABC is a 2-year-old boy, who is brought in by the parents, stating that the child continues to complain of stomach and back pain. It does not seem to slow him down. They have not noticed any changes in his urine or intestines. They have not noticed him to have fevers or chills or any other disease. They say that he is acting normally. He eats and drinks well. He has not had any other acute illness.
0	1. stroke with weakness of the right arm.,2. Bronchitis.,3. cardiovascular disease atherosclerosis.,4. hyperlipidemia.,5. thrombocytopenia.,DIAGNOSIS ON DISCHARGE,1. stroke with weakness of the right arm and MRI indicating acute/subaiguous infarction involving the left posterior parietal lobe without mass effect.,2. former coronary infarction, anterior appearance of the right outer capsule.,
7	After the intravenous sedation, the patient was given a backbulb block of 2% Xylocaine with 0.75% Marcaine and Wydase was given to the right eye without difficulty. The patient's right eye was prepared and draped in a sterile ophthalmic manner and the procedure began. A speculum of wire lid was inserted into the right eye and a conjunctival peritomy at 360
6	Ms. ABC is a 77-year-old woman who is taken by ambulance from the XYZ nursing home after the nurse noticed that there was blood in the toilet after she was sitting on the toilet. They did not notice any urine or stool in the toilet and the patient did not have any acute complaints. Unfortunately, the patient is a poor historian in that she has dementia and does not remember any of the
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. abscess and infection of the left diabetic foot.,2. left calcaneus fracture with infection.,3. amputation of the first right ray.,DIAGNOSIS POSTOP:,1. abscess and infection of the left diabetic foot.,2. left calcaneus fracture with infection.,3. amputation of the first right ray.,OPERATION AND PROCEDURE:,1. amputation of the lower left knee.,2. change of dressing, right foot.,ANSTHESIA:, General.,
7	PREOPERATIVE DX:, Dermatochalasis, mechanical ptosis, eyebrow ptosis.,POSTOPERATIVE DX:, Even,PROCEDURAL:,: Upper cover blepharoplasty and direct lifting of eyebrows,ANESTHSIE:, Local with sedation,INDICATIONS FOR THE INQUIRY:, In the preoperative evaluation, it was found that the patient had visually significant and symptomatic dermatochalasis and p
12	HISTORY: The patient is a 57-year-old woman, whom I first saw in the office on 27/12/07, as a reference of the Tomball Breast Centre. On 21/12/07, the patient underwent a biopsy of the heart of the needle guided by the image of a 1.5 cm lesion at the 7 hour position of the left breast (inferomedial). The biopsy returned showing a high histological level infiltrating channel carcinoma. The patient stated that she had recently felt and her doctor
16	EXAM:,MRI/LOW EX NOT JNT RT W/O CONTRAST,CLINICAL:,Pain and swelling in the right foot, peroneal tendon tear.,FINITIONS:, Regional bone spinal cord signal contours are in the normal treatment range there is an increased T2 signal in the soft tissue at the side margin of the cuboid bone. A small effusion is noted in the peroneal tendon sheath. There is a slight separation of 3mm from the dis extremity
0	FINDINGS:,Foramen magnum normal.,Cervical cord function of normal cerebral trunk.There is no tonsil ectopia.Normal clivus and craniovertebrale junction.Normal atlantoaxial.,C2-3:There is desiccation of the disc but no loss of disk space height, disk displacement, spondylosis of the end plate or joint osteoarthritis discovered.
14	PROFIL PATIENT:, This is a 42-year-old woman. Refer to the note in the patient's chart for the documentation of history and physics. Due to the nature of the patient's growing pain, surgery is recommended. Alternatives, risks and benefits of surgery were discussed with the patient. The patient verbalized the understanding of risks as well as alternatives to surgery. The patient wanted to perform an operational intervention. A signed informed consent and control was placed on the chart.
3	In addition, this premature baby with an operating weight of 600 grams and proof of pulmonary persistence on circulation and failure to prosper has been diagnosed with a large arteriosus patent channel originating from the left aortic arch. It has now been put forward for operational intervention.,PREOP DIAGNOSIS:,1. arteriosus patent channel.,2. Severe prematurity.,
8	GCS 50, non-toxic., VITAL SIGNS:, Blood pressure *, pulse *, respiration *, temperature * degrees F. Pulsed oximetry *%., HEENT:, Eyes: Lides and conjunctiva. No lesions. Equal pupils, round, responsive to light and accommodation. Iris symmetrical, not dilated. Funduscopic examination does not reveal hemorrhage or discopathy. Ors, nose, mouth, and
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Cervical Spondylosis to C3-C4 with cervical radiculopathy and spinal cord compression., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Cervical Spondylosis to C3-C4 with cervical radiculopathy and spinal cord compression., PERFORMED OPERATION,1. anterior cervical discectomy of C3-C4.,2. Removal of herniated disc and osteophytes.,3. Decom
5	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, colon cancer screening and family history of polyps., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Colonic polyps., PROCESS:, Colonoscopy.,ANESTHSIA:, MAC, PROCEDURE DESCRIPTION:,Olympus Paediatric Variable Colonoscope was introduced into the rectum and carefully advanced by the colon into the cecum, then by the ileocecal valve into the terminal ileum.
5	PROCEDURE:, Colonoscopy.,DIAGNOSIS PREOPERATIVE:, Changes in intestinal habits and rectal prolapsus., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Normal Coloscopy.,PROCEDURAL:,The pediatric variable colonoscope Olympus was introduced by the rectum and carefully advanced by the colon at the cecum identified by the ileocecal valve and the appendix orifice. The preparation was poor, but the mucous membrane was visible after washing and suction. Small lesions could be missed in
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS,1. Herniated disc, C5-C6.2. Cervical spondylosis, C5-C6., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS,1. Herniated disc, C5-C6.2. Cervical spondylosis, C5-C6.,PROCEDURES,1. anterior cervical discectomy with decompression, C5-C6.2. anterior cervical fusion, C5-C6.3. anterior cervical instrumentation
13	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Intrauterine pregnancy at 37 weeks more, unreassuring fetal heart rate.,2. Low S protein.,3. Oligohydramnios.,POSTOPERATIVE:,1. Intrauterine pregnancy at 37 weeks more, unreassuring fetal heart rate.,2. Low S protein.,3. Oligohydramnios.,4. Delivery of a viable female, weight 5 pounds, 14 ounces. Apgars from 9 and 9 to 1 and 5 minutes.
15	The child was placed in a Circumstraint board and held in the usual way. The area of the penis and scrotum were prepared with the povidone iodine solution. The area was draped with sterile curtains, and the rest of the procedure was done with a sterile procedure. A dorsal penillary block was made using 2 injections of 0.3 cc each, 1% of ordinary lidocaine. A dorsal slot was made,
12	ASSISTANCE REASON:, Sepsis.,HISTORY OF INVESTMENT PRESENT:,The patient is a pleasant but denied man of 80 years, who lives in boarding and care, who experienced the acute appearance of abdominal pain. In the emergency room, the patient was found to have a scanner with dilated bladder with thick wall suggesting an obstruction of exit as well as bilateral hydronephrosis and hydrator. The patient is unable to provide more stories
2	A 60-year-old white man with a history of coronary artery disease, post-CABG condition in 1985 with subsequent sternal dehiscence with a rewiring in December 2005 and the placement of the stent in the LAD region in 2005, who developed sudden chest pain and was taken to San Jacinto by ambulance where he was diagnosed with a pain treatment.
7	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Ruptured globe OX.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Ruptured globe OX.,PROCEDURAL:, Repair of the broken globe OX.,ANESTHSIE:, General,SPECIMENS:, None.,COMPLICATIONS:,None.,INDICATIONS:, It is a man of XX years (wo) with a broken globe of the eye XXX.,PROCEDURAL:, The risks and benefits of eye surgery
18	Injections with Botox., PREPROCEDURAL DIAGNOSIS:,1. Cervical spondylosis without myelopathy.,2. Myofascial pain syndrome.,3. Cervical dystonia.,4. Post-C5-6 anterior cervical fusion.,5. Disease of degenerative discs at several levels.,6. Cervicogenic migraines.,7. Hypertension.,8. Hypothyroidism., PRO DIAGNOSIS.
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Herniated Kernel Paste C5-C6., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Herniated Kernel Paste C5-C6.,PROCEDURE:, Fusion of anterior cervical discotectomy C5-C6 followed by instrumentation C5-C6 with dynamic titanium veneer system, Aesculap. The operating microscope was used both for lighting and magnification.,FIRST ASSISTANT:,
9	EXAM:, Breast PA & Lateral.,REASON FOR EXAM:, Breathlessness, evaluate for pneumothorax versus effusion left side.,INTERPRETATION:,There has been development of an interval of a pneumothorax left side moderate with an almost complete collapse of the upper left lobe. The lower lobe seems aerated. There is a stable, diffuse and bilateral interstitial thickening without acute consolidation of the airspace. The heart and pulmonary vasculity are within normal limits.
0	HISTORY: The patient is a 52-year-old woman in the right hand with long-standing bilateral arm pain, which is mainly in the medial aspect of her arms and hands as well as numbness of the left hand, worse at night and after repetitive work with her left hand. She denies any weakness. No significant pain in the neck, change in the symptoms of the intestine or bladder, change of the gait, or similar symptoms in the past. She is on Lyrica for pain, which has been a little successful
14	The patient is a new 13-year-old patient who is here for the evaluation of thoracic kyphosis. The patient has a family history in a maternal aunt and grandfather of kyphosis. She has been noted by her parents for having a rounded posture of the back. They have already seen another orthopedist who recommended the observation at this time. She is here for a second opinion on kyphosis. The patient denies any pain in her back or numbness
6	The patient is an 85-year-old man who follows as an external patient with Dr. A. He is known to us from the time of his last admission. At that time, he was admitted with difficulty of emptying and constipation. His urine cultures ended up being negative. He was seen by Dr. B and returned home to Levaquin for five days., Today he presents to the emergency with the hematuria that started while he was sleeping last night. He denies any pain, nausea, vomiting or diarrhoea
5	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Abdominal pain of the right lower quadrant, exclude acute appendicitis., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Acute suppurative appendicitis., PERFORMED METHOD:,1. Diagnostic laparoscopy.,2. Laparoscopic appendectomy.,ANESTHSIA:, General endotracheal and injectable 1% lidocaine and 0.25 % Marcaine., ESTIMATED BLOOD LOSSES:, Minimal.,SPEC
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Brain tumours, multiples., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Multiple brain tumours - adenocarcinoma and breast metastases.,PROCEDURE:, Occipital craniotomy, elimination of the large tumor using the hemispheric internal approach, stealth system of operation microscope and CUSA.,PROCEDURE:, The patient was placed in the position subject after the general anaesthetic endotracheal
18	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Herniated lumbar disc with insoluble back pain., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Herniated lumbar disc with insoluble back pain., PERFORMED OPERATION:, L3-L5 epidural steroid injection with epidural catheter under fluoroscopy.,ANESTHSIA:, Local/IV Sedation,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,SUMMARY:,The patient in the operating room
3	The mother had a premature rupture of the membranes on 12/20/08. She then presented at work and the delivery with symptoms of influenza. The baby was then induced and delivered. The mother had a history of premature babies in the past. This baby is doing well, and then we had a significant increase in the oxygen requirement of the room air up to 85%.
3	REASON FOR VISIT:, Follow-up of laparoscopic fundoplication and gastrostomy.,CURRENT ILLENCE HISTORY:, The patient is a delicious young girl, who now has nearly 8 months of age and has had a tracheostomy for subglottic stenosis. Laparoscopic fundoplication and gastrostomy was made due to the need for access to enteral feeding and to protect her respiratory tract at a time when she will either heal enough to improve
16	EXAM:, Five views of the right knee.,HISTORY:, Pain. The patient is a post-state surgery, he could not straighten his leg, pain in the back of the knee.,TECHNIQUE:, Five views of the right knee have been evaluated. There is no history to compare.,FINDINGS:, Five views of the right knee have been evaluated and they reveal that there is no evidence of displaced fractures, dislocations or subluxations. There are several areas of lines d
5	PASSED MEDICAL HISTORY: Important for arthritis in his knee, anxiety, depression, high insulin levels, bile stones, and PCOS., PASSED SURGIUM HISTORY:, None., SOCIAL HISTORY:, currently employed. She is married. She is on sale. She does not smoke. She drinks wine a few glasses per month., CURRENT MEDICATIONS:, She is on Carafate and Prilosec. She was on metformin.
9	OBJECTIVE: The patient is a 78-year-old woman who suffers from essential hypertension. She has symptoms that suggest intracranial pathology, but so far the work has been negative.,She takes hydrochlorothiazide 25-mg once daily and K-Dur 10-mEq once daily with adequate control of her blood pressure. She denies any chest pain, shortness of breath, PND, swelling of ankle or dizziness.,OBJECTIVE:, Heart rate is 80 and blood pressure is 130
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, distal tendon of reversed biceps, right elbow., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, distal tendon of reversed biceps, right elbow., PERFORMED PROCEDURE:, Repair of distal tendon of biceps, right elbow.,PROCEDURE:,The patient was taken to OR, Room #2 and administered a general anaesthetic. The upper right end was then pre-filled and draped in the usual way.
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS,1. Left neck pain with radiculopathy of the upper left extremity.,2. Neuroforaminal stenosis C6-C7 left secondary to the osteophyte.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS,1. Left neck pain with radiculopathy of the upper left extremity.,2. Neuroforaminal stenosis C6-C7 left secondary to the osteophyte.,OPERATIVE PROCEDURE,1. Front cervical distectomy with decompression C6-C7,
9	Procedure: Bronchoscopy, biopsies of the upper right lobe and bronchial washing of the upper right lobe as well as the aspiration to the pre-carinal transbronchial needle.,DETAILS OF PROCEDURE:, The risks, alternatives and benefits of the procedure were explained to the patient as well as the conscious sedation and she agreed to proceed. The patient received topical lidocaine by nebulization. The flexible fiber optic bronchoscope was introduced orally. The patient had normal teeth, normal tongue, jaw
16	INDICATION OF THE STUDY: high cardiac enzymes, full chest, abnormal ECG and risk factors.,MEDICATIONS: Femara, verapamil, Dyazide, Hyzaar, glyburide and metformin.,BASELINE ECG: sinus rhythm at 84 beats per minute, weak progression of the anterior R wave of roseptus, slight lateral abnormalities ST., EXERCISE RESULTS:1. The patient performed a stop due to fatigue for 3 minutes.
13	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Severe menomethagia not susceptible to medical therapy.,2. Anemia.,3. symptomatic fibroid uterus.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Severe menomethagia not susceptible to medical therapy.,2. Anemia.,3. symptomatic fibroid uterus.,PROCEDURAL:, Total abdominal hysterectomy.,ANESTHSIA:,General.,BLOOD LOSS
5	PREPROCEDURAL DIAGNOSIS:, Abdominal pain, diarrhoea and fever., PROCEDURAL DIAGNOSIS:, Ongoing pathology., PERFORMED PROCESS:, Colonoscopy with several biopsies, including terminal ileum, cecum, hepatic flexion and sigmoid colon.
0	In the evening before admission, she noticed a sudden onset of LUE and LLE weakness. She felt favorable to her right leg, but did not fall while walking. She denied any associated dysarthria, facial weakness, chest pain, SOB, visual change, HA, nausea or vomiting.,PMH:, amysillectomy, adenoidectomy, skull fx 1954, HTN, HA., MEDS:,none on
9	He recently completed radiotherapy at T11 for a plasmacytoma. He recently complained about left anterior chest pain, which radiates up from the left arm towards the elbow. This occurs during calm periods as in bed at night. It can last all night and be still present in the morning. It usually dissipates as during the day.
0	She is a 83-year-old woman referred for a lumbar puncture diagnosis for possible malignancy by Dr. X. She is accompanied by her daughter.,HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:, The patient's daughter tells me that during the last month the patient has gradually stopped walking even with her walker and her left arm has gradually become less functional. She is not able to use the walker because her left arm is so weak. She has not had any problems with her left arm.
5	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. gastroesophageal reflux disease.,2. hiatal hernia.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. gastroesophageal reflux disease.,2. hiatal hernia.,3. enterogastritis.,PERFORMED PROCESS:,Esophagogastroduodenoscopy, photography, and biopsy., GROSS FINDINGS:, The patient has a history of abdominal epigastric pain,
0	The patient is a 74-year-old woman who presents herself for a neurological consultation led by Dr. X. She is accompanied by the appointment of her husband and together they give her her story., CURRENT ILLENCE HISTORY:, The patient is a 74-year-old woman who presents with possible adult hydrocephalus. Danish is her mother tongue, but she has been in the United States for many years and speaks fluent English, like her husband.,As far as her walk and balance is concerned, she says, "I think I'm walking funny.
2	The following questions are primarily involved in a psychosocial assessment of the donor:,A. DECISION TO DONATE,What is your understanding of the recipient's disease and why a transplant is needed?,When and how did the subject of the donation arise?,What was the recipient's reaction to your offer?,What are your family's feelings about your donation?,How did you come to the decision to be a donor?,How would your family and friends react if you were
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, right trigger thumb., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, right trigger thumb., INQUIRY:, Release of pulley A1, CPT code 26055.,ANESTHSIE:, General LMA.,TOURNIQUET TIME:,9 minutes to 200 torr.,FINDANCES:, The patient was found to have limitations to extension to the IP joint on the right thumb. It was found to have a complete extension after release of the push
10	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Right kidney mass., DIAGNOSIS POSTOP:, Right kidney mass., PERFORMED PROCESS:, Right laparoscopic radical nephrectomy., ESTIMATED BLOSE:, 100 mL.,X-RAYS:, None.,SPECIMENS:, Right radical nephrectomy., COMPLICATIONS:, None.,ANESTHSIA:,General endotracheal.,DRAINS:, 16-F
5	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Symptomatic Cholelithiasis., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Symptomatic Cholelithiasis.,PROCEDURY:, Laparoscopic Cholecystectomy and appendectomy (CPT 47563, 44970).,ANESTHSIA:, General Endotracheal.,INDICATIONS:,It is an 18-year-old girl suffering from sickle cell anaemia who had a cholelithiasis.
19	S -,A 83-year-old diabetic woman presents today that she would like to take care of diabetic feet.,O -,During the examination, the lateral aspect of her large left toe is deeply incarnated. Her nails are thick and opaque. Vibration sensation seems intact. The pulsations of dorsal pedals are 1/4. There is no hair growth on her toes, feet or lower legs. Her feet are warm to the touch. All her nails are hypertrophic, opaque, elongated and discolored.
4	The patient is a 43-year-old man known to me, anterior lumbar post-operation state for herniated disc with severe recurrence of axial back pain, failed conservative treatment. The risks and benefits of herniated disc with severe recurrence of axial back pain.
16	There was no loss of consciousness. She noticed a dull headache and severe acute pain behind her left ear 8 days ago. The pain lasted 1-2 minutes. The next morning she had difficulty walking and fell regularly to the left. In addition, the left side of her face had become numb and she began to choke on the food. The family noted that her students had become unequal in size.
16	COMPARISON STUDIES:, None, MEDICATION:, Lopressor 5 mg IV., CHARGE RATES AFTER MEDICATION:, 64bpm,EXAM:,TECHNIC: Tomographic images were obtained from the heart and chest with a 64-row scanner using slice thicknesses of less than 1 mm. 80cc's of Isovue 370 were injected into the right arm., TECHNICAL QUALITY:,Examination is limited secondary to the artifact
11	CHIEF COMPLAINT:, This 3-year-old woman presents today for the evaluation of chronic bilateral ear infections.,SIGNS AND SYMPTOMES ASSOCIATED FOR OTITIS MEDIA:, The associated signs and symptoms include: cough, fever, irritability, speech and delay of the tongue. Duration (ENT): Duration of symptom: 12 rounds of antibiotics for the average otitis. Quality of hearing problems: The quality of pain is shaking.,ALLERGIES:, None
9	CHIEF CONSULTATION REASON: Assessing chest pain induced by exercise, palpitations, dizziness, shortness of breath and abnormality EKG., SPIRIT HISTORY: This 72-year-old woman had a palpitation spell that lasted about five to ten minutes. Meanwhile, the patient felt extremely short of breath and dizziness. Palpitations lasted about five to ten minutes without recurrence.
9	EXAM:, Echocardiogram.,INTERPRETATION:, Echocardiogram was performed including 2D and M-mode imaging, continuous Doppler analysis and mapping of pulse echo output speed were seen in M-mode. Cardiac chamber dimensions, left atrial enlargement 4.4 cm. Left ventricle, right ventricle and right atrium are roughly normal. Wall thickness and wall movement appeared normal. L ejection fraction
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Fracture of the distal ray left, extraarticular metaphysal., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Fracture of the distal ray left, extraarticular metaphysal.,PROCEDURAL:, Open reduction and internal fixation of the distal ray left.,IMPLANTS:,Medical diagnosis right size 2.,ANESTHSIA:, LMA.,TOURNIQUET TIME:, 49 minutes.,BLOOD LOSS:, Minimal.,COM
15	This 61-year-old male presents a recent discovery of an abnormal 16 ng/ml serum PSA. Related signs and symptoms: The associated signs and symptoms include dribbling urine, inability to empty the bladder, nocturia, urinary hesitation and urine flow is slow. Timing (onset/frequency): Onset was 6 months ago. Patient denies fever and chills and denies the pain of the flanks.,ALL
15	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, penoscrotal abscess, POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, penoscrotal abscess, OPERATION:, Incision and drainage of penoscrotal abscess, packaging, penis biopsy, cystoscopy and urethral dilation., BREF HISTORY:, The patient is a 75-year-old man presented with penoscrotal abscess. Options such as vigilant waiting, drainage and antibiotics have
7	A local anesthesia was obtained with a 50/50 mixture of 2% lidocaine and 0.75% bupivacaine administered as a peribular block. The patient was prepared and draped in the usual sterile manner. A cover speculum was used to provide exposure to the right eye. A limited conjunctival peritomy was created with Westcott scissors to expose supranasal quadrants and, separately, supratemporal and inferotemporal quadrants.
18	A small gloved finger was inserted into the anal region and the sacral/coccygian joint was palpated and the coccyx was moved and it was confirmed that this reproducible pain. After aseptic cleansing, a 25-gauge needle was inserted by the skin into the sacral/coccygian joint. It was confirmed that the needle did not enter the rectal cavity by the finger placed in the rectum. After aspiration, 1 mL of cortis
0	FINDINGS:,A high-resolution computerized tomography was performed from T12-L1 at S1 level with reformatted images in sagittal and coronal planes and 3D reconstructions performed. COMPARISON: Previous MRI examination 10/13/2004.,There is a minimal curvature of the convex lumbar spine on the left.,T12-L1, L1-2, L2-3: There is a normal disc height without posterior annular disc filling or protrusion.
13	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Acute abdominal pain, exclude appendicitis compared to others., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Acute pelvic inflammatory disease and periappendicitis., PERFORMED PROCEDURAL:, Diagnostic laparoscopy., COMPLICATIONS:, None.,CULTURE:, Intra-abdominally are made.,HISTORY:,The patient is an African American woman of 31 years who complains of the sudden onset of pain and
13	POSTOPERATIVE DAY #1, TOTAL ABDOMINAL HYSTERETOMIA, SUBJECTIVE: The patient is alerted and oriented x3 and seated in bed. The patient ambled without difficulty. The patient is still NPO. The patient denies any new symptoms from 6/10/2009. The patient has complaints of incisional tenderness. The patient has received a complete explanation of his clinical condition and all his questions have been answered.,OBJECTIVE:, VITAL SIGNS: Afebri
9	CONSULTATION REASON: LOCATION of the left effusion, multilobare pneumonia.
11	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Acquired Septal Deformation., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Acquired Septal Deformation.,PROCEDURES:,1. Open Septorhinoplasty with placement of transplants of bilateral spreaders.,2. Placement of a tip graft of apparent ribs.,3. Placement of a morcellated autogenic onlay transplant.,4. Placement of endogen, irradiated dorsal collagen graft.,5.
15	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Stability of obstruction of the ureteropelvic junction obstructed to the left after pyeloplasty, percutaneous procedure and pyeloureteroscopy x2, and post-Pyelomonas pyelonephrite x6, renal failure, and solitary kidney., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Stability of obstruction of the ureteropelvic junction obstructed to the left after pyeloplasty, percutaneous procedure
14	There is a lobulated mass lesion of the epiglottis measuring about 22 x 16 x 30 mm (medialateral x AP x craniocaudal) in the waist. There is a slightly greater involvement on the right side, but there is a bilateral involvement of the aryepiglottic folds. There is a marked widening of the bilateral aryepiglottic folds (upper left to right). There is a thickening of the glossoepiglottic folds. There is an infiltrating mass like the lesion.
14	REASON FOR VISIT:, Status of the follow-up visit post-removal of the external fixer and open post-reduction status internal fixation of the fracture of the right tibial plateau.,HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLISSMENT:, The patient is now about the post-removal week status of the Ex-Fix of the right knee with an AUA following the open reduction internal fixation of the fracture of the right tibial plateau. The patient states that this pain is well controlled. He has not had fevers, chills or sweats
0	1. Headache, nausea and dizziness, according to a diagnosis of vestibular migraine, recommend amitriptyline for prophylactic treatment and Motrin for abortive treatment. 2. A certain degree of peripheral neuropathy, compatible with diabetic neuropathy, encouraged her to look at her diet and daily exercise.
17	REASON FOR CONSULTATION:, non-healing right ankle stasis ulcer., CURRENT IMMUNERATION HISTORY:, This is a 52-year-old Native American-Indian man suffering from hypertension, chronic intermittent bipedal oedema and recurrent venous leg ulcers, who was admitted on 27/01/09 for vascular surgery scheduled by Dr. X. I was consulted for a non-healing right ankle stasis ulcer.
9	COMPARISON:, None, MEDICATIONS:, Lopressor 5mg IV at 9:20 am.,HEART RATE:,Recorded heart rate from 55 to 57bpm.,EXAM:,Unimproved initial axial TCM imaging of the heart was obtained with GCE for coronary calcium marking (Agatston method) and determination of calcium volume.,18 Intracath IV gauge was inserted into the right antecubital vein.,A saline bolus of 20
9	The patient was recently diagnosed with recurrent pneumonia and has cancer on the scanner, lung cancer with metastases. The patient had a visiting nurse for Christmas and began to have abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting for which she was admitted.
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, C4-C5, C5-C6 stenosis., PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, C4-C5, C5-C6 stenosis.,PROCEDURAL:, C4-C5, C5-C6 discectomy and anterior cervical fusion.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,ANESTHSIA:, General.,INDICATIONS OF PROCEDURE:, The patient is a 62-year-old woman who has neck pain as well
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Spondylosis with cervical stenosis C5-C6 greater than C4-C5, C6-C7, (721.0, 723.0).,2. Neck pain with left radiculopathy, progressive (723.1/723.4),3. Headache, progressive (784.0).,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Spondylosis with cervical stenosis C5-C6 greater than C4-C5, C6-C7,
10	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Bilateral renal mass., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Bilateral renal mass., OPERATION:, Laparoscopic cryoablation assisted in the right hand of renal lesions x2. Adhesive lysic and renal biopsy.,ANESTHSIA:, General endotracheal.,BLOOD LOSSE ESTIMATED:, 100 ML.,FLUIDS:, Cristalloid.,The patient was pre-filled in the intestine and received
13	DIAGNOSTIC ADMINISTRATIVE:, term intrauterine pregnancy with previous cesarean section., SECONDARY DIAGNOSIS:, desired sterilization., DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS,1. term intrauterine pregnancy with previous cesarean section.,2. desired sterilization.,3. post-repetition status low cross-sectional Caesarean section and bilateral tubular ligature.,HISTORY:, The patient is a gravid of 35 years 2, para 1-0-0-1 with intrauterine pregnancy on 08/30/09.
1	Hematuria.,2. Benign prostatic hyperplasia.,3. Osteoarthritis.,DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Hematuria, resolved.,2. Benign prostatic hyperplasia.,3. complex renal cyst versus renal carcinoma or other tumor.,4. Osteoarthritis.,HOSPITAL COURSES:, This is an African American man of 77 years old who was previously well until he began to have a hematuria.
6	OBJECTIVE: The patient is a 20-year-old Caucasian man admitted by the ABCD Hospital Emergency Department for the assessment of hydrocarbon aspiration. The patient ingested "tiki oil" (kerosene, liquid paraffin, lemon oil) about two days before admission. He then developed progressive symptoms of dyspnoea, chest pain pleuritus, haemoptysis with nausea and vomiting.
14	XYZ, D.C.,60 Evergreen Place,Suite 902,Oriental Orange, NJ 07018,Re:
3	The patient is a 16-year-old woman who has been referred by Dr. X to the Department of Paediatric Endocrinology for an evaluation and surgical recommendations regarding the treatment of a mass in her thyroid, which has now been proven as papillary carcinoma on the fine biopsy of needle aspiration.
14	CC:,BLE weakness and numbness.,HX:, This 59 y/o RHM was seen and released from an ER 1 week before this presentation for a story of 3 weeks of progressive sensory deficits and motors in the two lower extremities. He reported numbness starting on his trunk and slowly progressing to involve its lower extremities over a period of 4 weeks. Upon presentation, he felt numbed from the nipple line down. In addition, he began to experience progressive weakness in its lower extremities during
15	The patient was presented to the emergency room near his hometown on 12/24/2007 for the evaluation of this brute haematuria. The scanner was performed, which did not demonstrate hydronephrosis or upper tract process; however, there was a significant thickening of the left and posterior bladder wall. The urology recommendation was initiated and the patient was sent for evaluation by Dr. X.
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Autism with bilateral contractions of knee bending., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Autism with bilateral contractions of knee bending.,PROCEDURE:, Distal distal release of hamster., ANSTHESIA:, General anaesthesia. Local anaesthesia 10 mL of local Marcaine.,TOURNIC TIME:, 15 minutes., BLOOD LOSS ESTIMATED:,Minimum.,COM
2	IDENTIFYING DATA:, Psychosis.,CURRENT IMMUNERATION HISTORY:, The patient is a 28-year-old Samoan woman who was the guardian of her grandmother. Her grandmother had unfortunately died recently, then the patient had developed erratic behavior. She had lived with her parents and son, but the parents had removed the son from the house, secondary to the erratic behavior of the patient. Recently, she was picked up by the Kent police department "leaving on Highway 99."
14	CC:, numbness of the left hemicorps.,HX:, This 44y/o RHF woke up on 29/07/93 with numbness of the left hemicorps without tingling, weakness, ataxia, change of visual or mental state. She had no progression of her symptoms until 7/7/93 when she noticed that her right hand was stiff and clumsy.
16	EXAM:, CT pelvis with contrast and abdomen ct with and without contrast.,INDICATIONS:, abnormal liver enzymes and diarrhoea.,TECHNIC:, CT examination of abdomen and pelvis was performed after 100 mL of intravenous contrast administration and oral contrast administration.
17	CURRENT IMMUNERATION HISTORY: This 59-year-old white male is seen for a full annual health maintenance review on 19/02/2008, although this patient is in excellent overall health. Medical problems include chronic tinnitus in the left ear with moderate hearing loss for many years without any recent change, dyslipidemia well controlled with niacin, history of hemorrhoids with occasional external bleeding, although no problems in the last 6 months, as well as history of concha
16	CLINICAL HISTORY:, Gravida 1, para 0 to 33 weeks 5 days by early dating. The patient develops gestational diabetes., Transabdominal ultrasound examination demonstrated a single fetus and uterus in the presentation of vertex. The placenta was in the posterior position. There was a normal movement of fetal respiration, raw movement of the body and fetal tonality, and the volume of qualitative amniotic fluid was normal with an amniotic fluid index of 18.2 cm.,The following measurements:
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Total arthroplasty of the missing knee to the right., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Total arthroplasty of the failing knee to the right., PERFORMED PROCEDURE:, Total revision of the total arthroplasty of the knee to the right., COMPETENT AINSTHESIA:, Spinal., PERFORMED DISEASE LOSS:, Approximately 75 cc.,TOURNICAL TIME:, 123 minutes.
13	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Desires for permanent sterilization., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Desires for permanent sterilization.,PROCEDURAL:, Laparoscopic tubular ligature, Falope ring method.,ANESTHSIA:, General., BLOOD PERSONNEL ESTIMATED:, 10 mL.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,INDICATIONS FOR SURGERATED:,A 35-year-old woman, P4-0-0-4, who wants permanent sterilization
9	CLINICAL HISTORY:,Probable pulmonary adenocarcinoma of the upper right lobe.,SPECIMEN:, Lung, resection of the upper right lobe.,GROSS DESCRIPTION:, Specimen is received fresh for the frozen section, labelled with the patient's identification and "Higher right lung lobe". It consists of a specimen of lobectomy measuring 16.1 x 10.6 x 4.5.cm. The sample is covered with a smooth, pink-tan and grey pleural surface which is largely unsuspecting
14	COMPLAINT CHIEF:, Triggering and locking of the right major, as well as pain of the right index to the articulation of the PIP.,HISTORY OF THE INJURY OR PROFESSIONAL ILLIEMENT:, The patient was followed elsewhere, and we examined his files. Essentially, he had a trigger finger and a mucocyst, and he had injections. This has been going on for several months. It is now here for an active treatment because the injections were not useful, treatment was not useful.
6	He was originally seen here on the 13th with a headache and found to have a mass on CT scan. He was sent home with a follow-up to neurosurgery on the 14th. Apparently, an MRI the next day showed that the mass was an aneurysm and it is currently planned for an angiogram in preparation for the operation. He has had headaches since the 13th and now complains of some aggravation
9	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Increasing hypoxia and pulmonary secretions., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Increasing hypoxia and pulmonary secretions., OPERATION:, Bronchoscopy., ANSTHESIA:, Moderate sedation of the bedside., COMPLICATIONS:, None., FINDANCE:, Abundant amount of clear thick secretions in the main respiratory tract., INDICATIONS:, The patient is a 43-year-old man who has been in intensive care for several days.
10	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, left distal ureteral stone., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, left distal ureteral stone., PERFORMANCE OF THE PROCESS:, Cystopyelogram, left ureteroscopy, lithotripsy laser, extraction of the stone basket, exchange of stents with a rope attached.,ANESTHSIE:, LMA.,EBL:, Minimal.,FLUIDS:, Cristalloid. The patient received antibiotics
5	INDICATION:, Rectal bleeding, constipation, abnormal CT scan, exclude inflammatory bowel disease., PREMEDICATION:,See nursing procedure NSC form.,PROCEDURAL:,
14	OPERATING TITLE:, Youngswick Osteotomy with internal screw attachment of the first right metatarsophalangeal joint of the right foot., DIAGNOSIS:, Hallux limitus deformity of the right foot., DIAGNOSIS:, Hallux limitus deformity of the right foot.,ANESTHSIE:, Anaesthetic care monitored with 15 mL of 1:1 mixture of 0.5% Marcaine and 1% lidocaine plain.
2	1. Headache, nausea and dizziness, according to a diagnosis of vestibular migraine, recommend amitriptyline for prophylactic treatment and Motrin for abortive treatment. 2. A certain degree of peripheral neuropathy, compatible with diabetic neuropathy, encouraged her to look at her diet and daily exercise.
0	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Rule of the temporal arteritis., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,Rule of the temporal arteritis.,PROCEDURAL:, Bilateral temporal biopsy of the artery.,ANESTHSIA:, Local anaesthesia 1% Xylocaine with epinephrine.,INDICATIONS:, I was consulted by Dr. X for this patient with bilateral temporal headaches to exclude temporal arteritis. I fully explained the procedure at
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, stenosing tendinosis, right thumb (trigger finger)., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, stenosing tendinosis, right thumb (trigger finger)., PERFORMED PROCEDURE:, Release of pulley A1, right thumb.,ANESTHESIA: IV regional with sedation.,COMPLICATIONS:, None., PERSONNEL ESTIMATED:, Minimal.,TOURNICAL TIME:, Approximately 20 minutes to
0	This 42y/o RHM was found 2/27/95 collapsed on the steering wheel of the Fed Ex truck he was driving. It was cyanotic and pulse-free according to the controls. The EMT evaluation revealed that it was ventricular fibrillation and received epinephrine, lidocaine, bretylium and electrically defibrillated and intubated in the field.
7	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, epiretinal membrane, right eye. CME, right eye., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, epiretinal membrane, right eye. CME, right eye., PROCEDURE:, Pars plana vitrectomy, membrane peeling, 23-gauge, right eye., PREPERATIVE FINDINGS:, The patient had an epiretinal membrane causing a cystoid macular edema.
19	The patient is here for follow-up visit and chemotherapy.,DIAGNOSIS:,1. post-transplantation lymphoproliferative disorder.,2. chronic renal failure.,3. skin carcinoma with squamous cells.,4. anaemia secondary to chronic renal failure and chemotherapy.,5. Hypertension.,CURRENT ILLENCE HISTORY:, A 51-year-old white man diagnosed with PTLD in the second half of 2007. He experienced symptoms of increasing adenopathy, abdominal pain, loss of heart disease.
15	HISTORY OF PRESENT INVESTMENT:, This is a 66-year-old donor post-death kidney transplant in 12/07, which has had recurrent urinary retention problems since then. More recently, he was hospitalized on 02/04/08 for acute renal failure, which was probably secondary to dehydration. He was again seen by urology during this visit for urinary retention. He had been seen by urology during a previous hospitalization and he passed his cancellation trial at the time of his removal from the urinary retention.
16	EXAM:, CT Abdomen & Pelvis W&WO Contrast,,REASON FOR EXAM:, Status post aortobiliiac grafting repair.,,TECHNIQUE:, 5 mm spiral thickness CT spiral sweep was carried out through the entire abdomen and the pelvis using improved dynamic contrast bolus intravenous. No oral or rectal contrast was used. Comparison is made with the front CT abdomen and pelvis dated 10/20/05. There was no significant change in size of l
7	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Cataract, left eye., DIAGNOSIS POSTOPPERATIVE:,Cataract, left eye.,PERFORMED PROCEDURE:,Extraction of extracapsular cataract with phacoemulsion and implantation of a posterior chamber intraocular lens, left eye.,ANESTHSIA:, Topical.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,PROCEDURAL:, After induction of topical anesthesia with 4% drops
9	PROCEDURE: The procedure was explained to the patient with risks and benefits including the risk of stroke. The patient understands as well as her husband. The patient already had a transoesophageal echocardiogram showing no left atrial appendage thrombus or thrombus in the left atrium. There was a contrast of spontaneous echocardiogram noticed. The patient was on the anticoagulation.
14	The patient is a 19-year-old man who suffered a bullet wound to the left tibia with a distal tibia fracture.
9	1. Selective coronary angiography.,2. Placement of Xience stents overlapping 3.0 x 18 and 3.0 x 8 mm in the proximal right coronary artery.,3. Abdominal aortography.,INDICATIONS:,The patient is a 65-year-old man with a history of intense dyspnoea and cramped chest pain. The Thallium scan was negative. He undergoes an angiography to determine if his symptoms are due to coronary disease.
9	OBSERVATIONS:, FEV1 is 3.76, 103% predicted. FVC is 4.98, 110% predicted. Ratio is 75. FEF 25-75 is 3.053, 82% predicted, postbronchodilator improves by 35%. DLCO is 35, 121% predicted. Residual volume is 3.04, 139 % predicted. Total lung capacity is 8.34, 120% predicted.,Loop reduced volume examined.,INTERPRETATION:, Light restricted air flow limitation. Clinical correlation is recommended.
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Left acoustic neuroma., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Left acoustic neuroma.,PERFORMED PROCEDURE:, Left retrosigmoid craniotomy and acoustic neuroma excision.,ANESTHSIE:, General., OPERATIONAL FINDINGS:, This patient had an acoustic neuroma of 3 cm. The tumor was partially excised leaving a rest of the tumor along the cerebellopontin angle of the facial nerve.
8	HISTORY: The patient is a 19-year-old man who was involved in a fight about an hour before his presentation ED. He hit a guy a few times on the face, maybe his mouth, then hit a drink, breaking and lacerating his right hand. He has three lacerations on his right hand. His wound was carefully cleaned with tap water, and one of the navy's bodies tried to use Superglue and gauze to fix it. However, he continues to bleed and he is here
2	SUMMARY, SUMMARY OF TREATMENT PLANNING: Two major problems were identified when this adolescent was admitted: 1, 1.
14	REASON FOR VISIT:, Post-L4-L5 Laminectomy and Bilateral Foraminotomies Follow-up Status, and L4-L5 Later Spinal Fusion with Instrumentation.,CURRENT LIMITATION HISTORY:, Mrs ABC returns today for Post-L4-L5 Laminectomy and Bilateral Foraminotomies Follow-up Status, and Later Spinal Fusion on 06/08/07.,Preoperatively, her symptoms, those of the lower left extremity are radicular pain.,She
15	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Benign prostatic hypertrophy.,2. Urinary retention.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Benign prostatic hypertrophy.,2. Urinary retention.,PERFORMED PROCEDURE:,1. Cystourethroscopy.,2. Transurethral resection of the prostate (TURP).,ANESTHSIE:,Spinale.,DRAIN:, A #24 French three-way catheter Foley.,SPECIMENS:, Pro
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, T12 compression fracture with cauda equina syndrome and spinal cord compression., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, T12 compression fracture with cauda equina syndrome and spinal cord compression., PERFORMED OPERATION:, T12 decompressive laminectomy with bilateral facetectomies, T11 and T12 nerve root decompression bilaterally with post-olateral fusion supplemented by allogre bone chips
17	GENERAL:, Negative weakness, negative fatigue, native malaise, negative chills, negative fever, negative night sweats, negative allergies.,INTEGUMMENTARY:, Negative skin rash, negative jaundice.,HEMATOPIETIC:, Negative bleeding, negative enlargement of lymph nodes, negative bruising.,NEUROLOGICAL:, Negative headache, negative syncope, negative seizures, negative weakness, negative tremor.
17	The patient stated that she was driving her vehicle about 40 miles an hour. The patient was driving a minivan. The patient stated that the car in front of her stopped too quickly and that she had climbed up the vehicle in front of her. The patient stated that she was wearing her seat belt.
0	She had an episode of transient aphasia in 2/92 during which she struggled to write, write and understand verbally, and presented numerous semantic and phonetic paraphasic errors of speech. These problems solved within 24 hours of the beginning and she had no subsequent speech problems before this presentation. Workup at that time revealed a right left-hand hunt on transthoracic echocardiogram.
0	CC:, Decreased visual acuity.,HX:,This 62 y/o RHF presented locally with a 2 month history of progressive loss of visual acuity, OD. She had a 2 year history of progressive loss of visual acuity, OS, and is now blind in this eye. She denied any other symptoms.
10	DIAGNOSTIC ADMISSION:, Terminal Renal Disease (ESRD).,DICHARGE DIAGNOSIS:, Terminal Renal Disease (ESRD).,PROCEDURAL:, Terminal Renal Transplantation.,CURRENT INVESTMENT HISTORY:, This is a 46-year-old gentleman with end-stage Renal Disease (ESRD) secondary to diabetes and hypertension, who has been on haemodialysis since 1993 and is also a post-cadaveric renal transplant status.
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS: Carcinoma of the squamous cells of the right/medium temporal space., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Carcinoma of the squamous cells of the right/medium temporal space.,PROCEDURE:, Right temporal resection bone; rectus abdominis free flap myocutaneous for the reconstruction of the base anomaly of the skull; zones of selective dissection of the right neck 2 and 3.,ANESTHSIE:, En
11	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS,1. Recurring acute otitis, bilateral effusion of the middle ear.,2. chronic rhinitis.,3. recurrent adenoiditis with adenoid hypertrophy.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS,1. recurrent acute otitis, bilateral effusion of the middle ear.,2. chronic rhinitis.,3. recurrent adenoiditis with adenoid hypertrophy.,FINAL DIAGNOSIS,1. recurrent acute otitis, bilateral effusion of the ear.,1. recurrent acute otitis,
15	Sample Address,RE: Sample Patient,Wife's Name: Sample Name,Cher Sample Doctor:,M. Sample Patient was seen the month DD, YYYY, describing a vasectomy 10 years ago and a failed vasectomy reversal made almost two years ago at the University of Michigan. It remained postoperative azoospermic. The operating note suggests the presence of some sperm and sperm head on the right side at the time of reversal of the
0	The patient was the driver of a small sports utility vehicle and was wearing a seat belt. The patient's vehicle was passing through an intersection and was hit by another vehicle on the left side and was forced out of the road to a utility pole. The other vehicle was allegedly driven by a drunk driver and ran a traffic signal. The estimated impact speed was 80 mp.h. The driver of the other vehicle was reportedly quoted by the police.
11	HISTORY: The patient is a 53-year-old man who was seen for the assessment at the request of Dr. X regarding recurrent jaw pain. This patient had what he described as numbness and tingling along the jaw, teeth, and tongue. This numbness has been present for about two months. He seems to be there "all the time." He was seen by his dentist and after dental evaluation was noted as "OK." He had been diagnosed with a throat infection about a week ago.
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Recurring spinal stenosis at L3-L4, L4-L5 and L5-S1.,2. Spondylolisthesis, which is unstable at L4-L5.,3. Recurring hernia nucleus paste at L4-L5 bilaterally., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Recurring spinal stenosis at L3-L4, L4-L5 and L5-S1.,2. Spondylolisthesis, which is unstable
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Deformity Hallux abductovalgus, right foot.,2. Deformity Tailor bunion, right foot.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Deformity Hallux abductovalgus, right foot.,2. Deformity Tailor bunion, right foot.,PROCEDURAL PERFORMED:,Bunionectomy Tailor, right foot, type Weil with screw fastening.,ANESTHSIE:, Local
9	He is a 42-year-old Caucasian man with no previous history of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, rheumatism, rheumatism, rheumatism or gout. He was used to take medicines for hyperlipidemia and was then arrested. He lived in Canada and moved to Houston four months ago. He started complaining of right chest pain, starts on the right neck and goes down to the right. It lasts about 10-15 minutes to the right.
0	CC:, Seizure D/O,HX:, 29-year-old male with cerebral palsy, unhunted hydrocephalus, spastic quadriplegia, mental retardation, bilateral sensory neural hearing loss, severe neurogenic scoliosis and multiple contractions of the 4 extremities, intestinal incontinence and neurogenic bladder, and a history of convulsions., It was seen for the evaluation of seizures that began at the age of 27, two years before presentation.
0	This 76-year-old male complained of several months of generalized weakness and malaise, and of a two-week history of progressive worsening of orthostatic dizziness. The dizziness worsened by moving towards straight positions. Moreover, he complained of intermittent holocranian headaches, which have not worsened with the change of position, for several weeks. He had lost 40 pounds over the past year and denied any recent fever, SOB, cough, vomiting, diarrhoea, h
7	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Radioactive plate macular edema., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Radioactive plate macular edema., OPERATIONAL TITLE:, Radioactive plate removal, right eye with lateral canthotomy., OPERATIONAL PROCEDURE IN DETAIL:, The patient was prepared and draped in the usual way for a local eye procedure. Then a retrobulbary injection of 2% Xylocaine was performed. A speculum of the lid was applied and the conjunct
6	CURRENT IMMUNERATION HISTORY: A 58-year-old man who started to have toothache in the lower left side of the mouth now radiates in his jaw and left ear. The triage nurse reported that he does not believe it is his tooth because he has regular dental appointments, but has not seen a dentist since this new toothache began. The patient denies any swelling of the teeth.
0	RATIONALE OF EXAMINATION: The sleeping face.,Comparison review: None.,TECHNIQUE: Several axial images were obtained from the brain. 5 mm sections were acquired. 2.5 mm sections were acquired without injection of intravenous contrast. Sagittal and coronal reformed images were obtained.,DISCUSSION: No acute intracranial anomaly was appreciated.
17	The patient is a 54-year-old right-handed man who works as a phlebotomist and respiratory therapist in the hospital. The patient states that he was trying to make a blood gas. He had his left hand finger on his pulse and inserted a needle with the right hand. He had a protective garment including the use of gloves at the time of the incident.
9	CURRENT INCULENCE HISTORY: I was kindly asked to see Mrs. ABC, a 74-year-old woman for a cardiology consultation on atrial fibrillation and anticoagulation after a fall.,The patient is drowsy at this time, but she can't provide much history. By looking at the picture, it seems she fell, which she says when she came out of a rocking chair and she couldn't get up from the ground.
5	The patient is a 77-year-old woman who is unable to give any information. She was sedative with Ativan and entered the emergency room closed and unable to give any history. On a chest x-ray for what seemed to be a shortness of breath, she was found to have what was thought to be free air under the right diaphragm.,HISTORY MÉ
15	The patient was sedified, and an adequate local anaesthesia was administered using 1% of lidocaine without epinephrine. The patient was prepared and draped in the usual sterile manner.,A standard curvilinear umbilical incision was made, and dissection a
19	REASON FOR VISIT:, Follow-up of laparoscopic fundoplication and gastrostomy.,CURRENT ILLENCE HISTORY:, The patient is a delicious young girl, who now has nearly 8 months of age and has had a tracheostomy for subglottic stenosis. Laparoscopic fundoplication and gastrostomy was made due to the need for access to enteral feeding and to protect her respiratory tract at a time when she will either heal enough to improve
0	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Chronic venous hypertension with painful varicosities, lower extremities, bilaterally., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Chronic venous hypertension with painful varicosities, lower extremities, bilaterally.,PROCEDURES,1. Saphenous vein screening and stabbing of phlebectomies requiring 10 to 20 incisions, right leg.,2. Saphenous vein screening and stabbing of phlebectomies requiring 10 to 20 incisions,
17	The patient denies fever, fatigue, weakness, weight gain or weight loss.,HEAD, EYES, EARS, NOSE AND THROAT:, Eyes - The patient denies pain, redness, loss of vision, double or blurred vision, flashing lights or spots, dryness, the sensation that something is in the eye and refuses to wear glasses. Ears, nose, mouth and throat. The patient denies ringing in the ears, loss
19	SubJECTIVE:, The patient is a 33-year-old black man who comes to the office today the main complaint of sexual dysfunction. Patient reports that he would like to try Cialis to see if it will improve his erectile performance. Patient states that he made a quiz online on the website of Cialis and did not notice in the normal range, so he thought he should come in. Patient says that maybe his desire was slightly diminished, but that was not the main problem. By talking directly with me, the patient said that his desire was slightly diminished, but that was not the main problem.
0	According to the notes of the technician, the patient takes Depakene.,The recording consists of a symmetrical alpha activity of 9 Hz. Throughout the recording, repetitive episodes of bursts of 3 per second of ear and wave activity are noted. The episodes last about 1 to 7 seconds. The episodes are exacerbated by hyperventilation.,IMPRESSION:, Abnormal electroencephalogram with repetitive bursts of 3 per second of ear and wave activity
17	Diagnosis:,1. Seizure.,2. Hypoglycaemia.,3. Anemia.,4. Hypotension.,5. Dyspnoea.,6. Edema.,DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Colon cancer, right post-hemicolectomy.,2. Anemia.,3. pneumonia acquired in hospital.,4. Hypertension.,5. Congestive heart failure.,6. Seizure disorder.,REFORMEDPRODUCES:,1. Colonoscopy.,2.
7	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, secondary capsular membrane, right eye., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, secondary capsular membrane, right eye., PERFORMED PROCESS:, YAG laser capsulotomy, right eye., INDICATIONS:, This patient has undergone cataract surgery, and vision is reduced in the eye because of the presence of a secondary capsular membrane. The patient is brought in for capsular discission YAG., PROCEDURE:
7	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Cataract, right eye., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,Cataract, right eye.,PERFORMED PROCESS:, Cataract extraction by phacoemulsion with posterior chamber intraocular implantation. An Alcon MA30BA lens was used, * diopters, #*.,ANESTHSIE:,Topical 4% lidocaine with 1% unpreserved intracameral lidocaine.,COMPLIC
9	EXAM:, Single frontal view of the chest.,HISTORY:, Atelectasis. Patient is the post-statement surgical correction for ASD.,TECHNIC:, A single frontal view of the chest has been evaluated and correlated with the previous film dated mm/dd/y.,FINDINGS:, The current film reveals that there is a central venous catheter on the right side, the distal tip seems to be in the upper vein cava. The endotracheal tube with distal tip seems to be in good position,
16	EXAM:, Ultrasonic examination of the scrotum.,REASON FOR EXAM:, Scrotal pain.,FINDINGS:,Duplex and color flow imaging as well as real-time grey-scale imaging of the scrotum and testicles were performed. The left testicle is 5.1 x 2.8 x 3.0 cm. There is no evidence of intra-testicular masses. There is a normal Doppler blood flow. The left epididymis has a non-remarkable appearance.
15	The patient is an 85-year-old man who follows as an external patient with Dr. A. He is known to us from the time of his last admission. At that time, he was admitted with difficulty of emptying and constipation. His urine cultures ended up being negative. He was seen by Dr. B and returned home to Levaquin for five days., Today he presents to the emergency with the hematuria that started while he was sleeping last night. He denies any pain, nausea, vomiting or diarrhoea
17	CLIEF COMPLAINT:,Following diabetes mellitus, type 1.,, SUBJECTIVE:, Patient is a 34-year-old man with significant diabetic neuropathy. He has been out of insurance for over a year. Used NPH and regular insulin to maintain his blood sugar level. States he is mortally afraid to have a blood sugar level due to a car accident several years ago.
17	He's a 1-year-old man who comes with a cough and congestion for the last two to three weeks. Started as a congestion but then he started coughing about a week ago. Cough got worse. Mother was also worried. He had Pop Can only three days ago and she never found the top of it and wondered if he had swallowed this, but his breathing hasn't worsened since that. He doesn't have fevers.,MEDICAL HISTORY NOT
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, cervical degenerative disc disease, spondylosis, severe myelopathy, spinal cord compression, particularly at C3-C4, C4-C5 and C5-C6, and progressive quadriparesis., POSTOPPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, cervical degenerative disc disease, spondylosis, severe myelopathy, spinal cord compression, particularly at C3-C4, C4-C5 and C5-C6, quadripar
5	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Neuromuscular dysphagia.,2. protein-calorie malnutrition.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. neuromuscular dysphagia.,2. protein-calorie malnutrition.,PROCEDURAL PERFORMED:,1. Esophagogastrodenoscopy with photo.,2. Insertion of a tube of percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy.,ANESTHSIA:, sedation IV and local.,COMPLICATIONS:
17	Mr. ABC is a 30-year-old man who returns to follow up on his still moderate to severe sleep apnea. He returns today to review his response to CPAP., HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:, The patient initially presented with very heinous snoring that disturbed the sleep of his bed partner. He was found to have moderate to severe sleep apnea (primarily hypopnoea), was treated with Nasal CPAP at 10 cm H2O Nasal
11	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Adenoid hypertrophy., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Adenoid hypertrophy., PERFORMED PROCESS:,Adenoidectomy.,Anaesthesia:, General Endotracheality.,DISCRIPTIONS OF PROCEDURE:, The patient was conducted in the operating room and prepared and draped in the usual way after the induction of the general endotracheal anesthesia.
9	INDICATIONS OF PROCEDURE:, The patient experienced substeril chest pain of a grinding type, even in the context of a normal nuclear medicine study. It is here for catheterization.,APPROACH:, right common femoral artery.,ANESTHSIE:, IV sedation by cardiac catheterization protocol. Local sedation with 1% Xylocaine.,COMPLICATIONS:, None., ESTIMATED LOSS:, Less than 10 mL., ESTIMATED CONTRACT:,
9	Diagnosis: 1. Respiratory arrest.,2. Chronic obstructive pulmonary terminal disease.,3. Coronary disease.,4. History of hypertension.,DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Post-respiratory arrest status.,2. Chronic obstructive pulmonary chronic disease.,3. Congestive heart failure.,4. History of coronary artery hypertension.,SUMMARY:, The patient is a 49-year-old man who was admitted to hospital in respiratory distress and
16	The bone marrow shows a normal signal intensity. There is no evidence of bone contusion or fracture. There is no evidence of joint effusion. The tense structures surrounding the ankle joint are intact. No abnormal mass or fluid collection is observed around the ankle joint.,IMPRESSION: NORMAL MRI OF THE RIGHT ENCORE.
10	The patient is a 68-year-old Korean man with a history of coronary heart disease, hypertension, diabetes and stage III TKD with a creatinine of 1.8 in May 2006 corresponding to the 40-41 mL/min GFR. The patient performed blood work at Dr. XYZ's office on June 1, 2006, which revealed an elevation of his creatinine to 2.3.
5	CURRENT MEDICINAL PRODUCTS:, Lortab., PREVIOUS MEDICAL HISTORY:, Heart stent in 2000.,PATIENT'S GOAL:, Eating again through the mouth.,STUDY:,A test of the Passy-Muir valve was carried out to allow the patient to obtain a free voice and also to improve his management of secretion.
9	The patient is an 85-year-old man with a history of sick sinus syndrome for which he has St. Jude permanent heart stimulator. Pacemaker's battery has reached the end of life and the patient is dependent on his pacemaker with 100% step in the right ventricle. He also has a fairly advanced degree of Alzheimer's dementia and lives in an assisted care facility. The patient is unable to make his own health care decision and his daughter ABC has a medical power of attorney.
0	The patient is a 71-year-old woman with a history of left lateral weakness and headache.
0	EXAM:, Bilateral Carotid Echography.,REASON FOR EXAM:, Headache.,TECHNIQUE:,Color grayscale and Doppler analysis is used.,FINDINGS:, On the grayscale images, the common carotid artery on the right shows patency with a slight intimate thickening only. At the level of the carotid bifurcation, there is a heterogeneous hard plate, but without proof on the grey scale of more than 50% stenosis.
0	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Left acute subdural hematoma., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Left acute subdural hematoma.,PROCEDURAL:, Left frontal temporal craniotomy for the evacuation of the acute subdural hematoma.,PROCEEDING DESCRIPTION:, This is a 76-year-old man with a history of acute leukemia. He is currently in the treatment phase where he has developed deep thrombocytopenia and a white cell deficiency.
16	EXAM:, Bilateral Carotid Echography.,REASON FOR EXAM:, Headache.,TECHNIQUE:,Color grayscale and Doppler analysis is used.,FINDINGS:, On the grayscale images, the common carotid artery on the right shows patency with a slight intimate thickening only. At the level of the carotid bifurcation, there is a heterogeneous hard plate, but without proof on the grey scale of more than 50% stenosis.
16	CC:, weakness BLE.,HX:, This 82y/o RHM was sent back to the neurology department by the neurosurgery department for the evaluation of the paraplegia of acute appearance. He was in his usual state of health until 17:30 on 4/6/95, when he developed sudden "pressure-like" epigastric discomfort associated with the bilateral weakness of the lower extremity, SOB, lightness and diaphoresis. He knelt down to the ground and " went to sleep." The service BLE.,HX:, This 82y/o RHM was returned to the neurology department by the neurosurgery department for the evaluation of the paraplegia of acute appearance.
17	HISTORY: The patient presents himself today for a medical treatment. The patient presents herself today at the office with complaints of extreme fatigue, discomfort in the chest and back which is not related to a specific activity. The stomach gets angry with pain. She has been of her supplements for four weeks with some improvement. She has loose bowel movements. She complains of not controlling the bladder. She has pain in the hips. Peripheral neuropathy is in both legs, her swelling has been in both legs.
9	2-D STUDY,1. Light aortic stenosis, largely calcified, minimally restricted.,2. Light left ventricular hypertrophy but normal systolic function.,3. Moderate bial enlargement.,4. Normal right ventricle.,5. Normal appearance of tricuspid and mitral valves.,6. Normal left ventricle systolic function and left ventricle.,DOPPLER,1. There is an aortic regurgitation of 1 to 2+ easy to see, but no aortic stenosis.
15	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Penoscrotal hypospadias with accord., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Penoscrotal hypospadias with accord.,PROCEDURY:, Hypospadias repair (movement of TIT and tissue flaps) and Nesbit accordion release.,ANESTHSIE:, General anaesthesia by inhalation with caudal block.,FLUIDES RECEIVED:, 300 mL of crystalloids.
10	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Residual stone, post-nephrolithotomy right percutaneous status.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Post-nephrolithotomy right percutaneous residual stone status, second sight nephrolithotomy attempt, cysto with insertion of 6-length variable French double-d stent.,ANESTHSIE:, General via endotracheal tube.,BLOOD LOSS:, Minimal.,DRAINS:, 16-French Foley
12	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Right axillary axillary adenopathy.,2. Thrombocytopenia.,3. Hepatosplenomegaly.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Right axillary axillary adenopathy.,2. Thrombocytopenia.,3. Hepatosplenomegaly.,PERFORMED PROCEDURAL:,Right axillary lymphatic bipsy.,ANESTHSIA:, Local with sedation.,COMPLICATIONS
14	DIAGNOSIS: post-traumatic AV in right femoral head., DIAGNOSIS DISCHARGE: post-traumatic AV in right femoral head., SECONDARY DIAGNOSIS PRIOR TO HOSPITALIZATION:,1. Use of opiates.,2. Right hip surgery.,3. Appendectomy.,4. Gastroesophageal reflux.,5. Hepatitis diagnosed by liver biopsy.,6. blood transfusion.,6. Smoking.,7.
0	HISTORY: The patient is a 56-year-old woman in her right hand with long intermittent pains at the lower right back, who was involved in a motor vehicle accident in September 2005. At that time, she did not notice any specific injury. Five days later, she began to have abnormal pains at the lower right back. At that time, she radiates in the buttocks of the posterior side of her thigh and in the right side of her calf. The symptoms are worse when she is sitting for the whole duration, such as
19	SUBJECTIVE: She is a 38-year-old woman who comes for a dietary consultation for gestational diabetes. Patient reports that she is afraid to eat because of her impact on her blood sugars. In fact, she tries not to eat while working third quarter in Wal-Mart. However, historically, she likes to eat outside with a high frequency. She likes to eat rice as part of her meals. She complains of feeling tired and tired all the time because she works from 10pm to 7am in Wal-Mart.
16	She was admitted to a local hospital on 5/3/93 for 3 h/o of progressive weakness of the ELB associated with incontinence and numbness of the ELB. There were few symptoms of weakness of the upper extremity at that time, according to the patient. Her assessment was remarkable for a bilateral sensory level of L1 and a 4/4 strength in the ELB. A T-L-S spinal MRI revealed a T-L-S
10	EXAM:, abdominal CT and contrastless pelvis, stone protocol, reconstruction.,REASON FOR EXAM:, Fusible pain.,TECHNIC:, Non contrastrast CT abdominal and pelvis with coronal reconstructions., FINDANCES:, There is no intrarenal stone bilaterally. However, there is very slight left renal basin and proximal ureteral expansion with a small amount of asymmetric left perinephric spinning to the right. The right renal pelvis is not
15	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Testis not descended to the right (ectopic position)., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Testis not descended to the right (ectopic position), right inguinal hernia.,PROCEDURES:, Right orchiopexia and right inguinal hernia repair.,ANESTHSIA:, General inhalation anaesthetic with caudal block.,FLUIDES RECEIVED:,100 mL of crystall
17	CURRENT IMMUNERATION HISTORY: This is the first clinic visit for a 29-year-old man who is seen for a new start of pain on the right shoulder. He says it started about a week ago when he was lifting piles of cardboard. The movement he describes is essentially picking up a pile of cardboard at his waist level, twisting to the right and delivering it to about the size level. Sometimes he has to throw the piles a little as well. He says that he felt a popping sensation on the
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Right AC separation., POSTOPPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Right AC separation.,PROCEDURES:, Deletion of material and revision of separation right AC.,ANESTHSIE:, General.,BLOOD LOSS:, 100 cc.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,AFINITIONS:, Detachment with superior translation of clavicle implants.,IMPLANTS:, Bioabsorbable tenodesis screws Arthrex.,
9	HISTORY: The patient is a 5-1/2-year-old, who recently had a heart murmuring diagnosed due to a patented ductus arteriosus. An echocardiogram of 09/13/2007 demonstrated a patented 3.8 mm ductus arteriosus with a narrow left to right flush. There is a slight enlargement of the left atrial chamber with an LA/AO ratio of 1.821. An electrocardiogram demonstrated a normal sinus rhythm with possible left atrial enlargement and left ventricular hypertrophy.
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, knee osteoarthritis of the left middle compartment., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, knee osteoarthritis of the left middle compartment.,PERFORMEDPROCEDURE:, left unicompartmental knee replacement.,USEDCOMPONENTS:, B-sized average femoral component and 3 mm polyethylene component.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,TOURNIC TIME:, 59 minutes.,BLOOD L
9	DIAGNOSIS ADMISSIBILIZATION:,1. respiratory distress.,2. reactive respiratory tract disease.,DIAGNOSIS DISCHARGE:,1. respiratory distress.,2. reactive respiratory tract disease.,3. Pneumonia.,CURRENT ILLISSANCE HISTORY:,The patient is a 3-year-old boy previously in good health who has never had a history of asthma or reactive respiratory tract disease that experienced 36 hours of URI symptoms, then had a history of asthma or reactive respiratory tract disease.
13	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Annexae complex bilateral.,3. Bilateral hydrosalpinx.,4. Chronic pelvic inflammatory disease.,5. massive pelvic adhesion.,PERFORMED PROCESS:,1. Dilation and curing (D&C).,2. Laparoscopy.,3. Enterolysis.,4. Lysis
13	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Intrauterine pregnancy at term.,2. Discontinuation of expansion.,POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. Intrauterine pregnancy at term.,2. Discontinuation of expansion.,PERFORMED PROCEDURE:, Primary section of lower-transverse caesarean section.,ANESTHSIA:, Epidural., BLOOD LOSS ESTIMATED:, 1000 mL.,COMPLICATIONS:, Ne
6	CC:, Headache.,HPI:, She is a 15-year-old girl who has had occipital headaches for six hours. She denies trauma. She has been intermittently nausea but has not vomited and has a certain photophobia. Refuses fever or changes of vision. She has no history of headaches.,PMH:,None.,MEDICATIONS:,Tylenol for pain.,ALLERGIES:,None.,HISTORY
1	The hypotension dissipated.,3. stable chronic disease anaemia.,4. improving Anasarca.,5. improving protein malnutrition.,6. terminal liver disease.,HISTORY AND HOSPITAL COURSES:,The patient was admitted after a stretching process with a small intestinal obstruction. His intestinal function began to improve. He was on the RT before coming to the hospital. He remained on the RT all his time.
14	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Material retained in the left elbow., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Material retained in the left elbow.,PROCEDURAL:, Removal of material in the left elbow.,Anaesthesia:, Procedure performed under general anaesthesia. The patient also received 4 mL of Marcaine from the local anaesthesia.,TOURNIQUET:,There is no turning time.,Blood LOSS ESTIMATED:,Minimum.,COMPL
17	1. She was seen by the allergist. No allergies present, so she stopped her Allegra, but she's still really cluttered and made a lot of snoring. They don't notice much snoring at night though, but she seems to be always like that. 2. On her right toe, she has a little redness and erythema. Her skin is a little peeled, but she was like that for about one
17	A conjunctiva without erythema, a foreign body, or lacerations. Normal white sclerosis, without jaundice. Clear cornea without lesions. Students also sensitive to light. Normal color of the iris, without lesions. Clear anterior chamber. Normal tearway. Clear Fundi.,Ear: outer ear has no erythema, oedema, or lesions. Ear channel not obstructed without oedema, flow
18	After being explained the risks and benefits of the procedure, the patient signed the standard informed consent form. The patient was placed in the supine position.,Intravenous access was established. The patient received mild narcotics for sedation. For more details, please refer to the anesthesia note.,PROCEEDING DESCRIPTION:, The area of discomfort was palpated under fluoroscopy and the costochondral cartilages that were symptomatic were marked.
11	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, Occlusion of airways secondary to laryngeal subglotosis., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,Occlusion of airways secondary to laryngeal subglotosis and tracheal stenosis.,PERFORMED OPERATION:, Microlaryngoscopy of suspension, rigid bronchoscopy, expansion of tracheal stenosis.,INDICATIONS FOR SURGERIA:
16	The symptoms have become maximal over a period of 12 to 24 hours and have not changed since then. Symptoms are to swarm in the lower distal extremities about halfway up the calf bilaterally. He noted a decrease in coordination of the two lower extremities which, according to him, could be due to uncertainty as to where his feet were placed in space.
9	The patient had a shortness of breath in the last few days, gradually worse. Yesterday, he had an episode and got worried and came to the emergency room, also the orthopnoea and the paroxysmic dyspnoea. Coronary arter male workup many years ago. He also was short of breath.
1	DIAGNOSTIC ADMINISTRATIVE: Kawasaki disease.,DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS: Kawasaki disease, resolution.,HOSPITAL COURSES:, It is a 14-month-old Caucasian child who came with a presumptive diagnosis of Kawasaki with fever for more than 5 days and conjunctivitis, mild arthritis with oedema, rash, resolution and with high neutrophils and thrombocytosis, elevated CRP and ESR. When he has
13	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. enlarged fibroid uterus,2. abnormal uterine bleeding., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:,1. enlarged fibroid uterus,2. abnormal uterine bleeding.,PERFORMED PROCEDURE:, Total abdominal hysterectomy with utero-sacral suspension.,ANESTHSIA:, General with endotracheal tube and spine with Astramorph., BLOOD LOSSE ESTIMATED:, 150 c
4	PREOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, left cervical radiculopathy., POSTOPERATIVE DIAGNOSIS:, left cervical radiculopathy.,PERFORMED PROCEDURAL:1. C5-C6 anterior cervical discoectomy.,2. bone bank allograft.,3. anterior cervical plaque.,TUBES AND PLACE DRAINS:, None.,COMPLICATIONS:, None.,SPECIMEN SENT TO PATHO
