3	While reperfusion treatment has been clearly demonstrated to reduce early mortality following acute myocardial infarction, the impact of this treatment on long-term survival has been less widely evaluated, and this study reports the prolonged follow-up of a large cohort of 810 patients treated with combined intravenous thrombolytic therapy, when it is considered necessary to maintain or increase the patisesse of the infarct vessel, with mechanical reperfusion treatments.
3	In a patient with angiographically proven brain vasculitis five months after acute multifocal placoid pigment epitheliopathy (APMPPE), neurological symptoms responded rapidly to steroid treatment. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) showed lymphocyte pleocytosis. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed multifocal lesions of white matter in the hemispheres and brain stem suggesting diffuse subcortic vasculitis.
0	All grading systems contain an important subjective component, which could be reduced by including objective measures in the diagnostic decision. Image analysis was used to determine the nuclear area and distribution of ploidy in 42 patients with epithelial ovarian cancer, and the results were related to tumour grade and clinical results.
4	A technique for transluminal percutaneous coronary angioplasty (TPCA) of gastroepiploic bypass surgery is described using standard PTCA devices. A severe gastroepiploic bypass spasm has occurred. A change in the position of the guidance catheter is suggested to avoid the inducement of gastroepioploid bypass spasm.
2	· Transient neurological and visual signs were observed in some patients following the replacement of the aortic valve with a valve and the ascending aorta. Twenty-seven patients who replaced the valve between February 1982 and October 1988 were compared with 21 patients who combined the replacement of the aortic valve (AVR) and the replacement of the ascending aorta (AA). Follow-up in 100% of both groups was achieved for 0.3 to 6.6 years (mean 2.6 +/- 0.3 years).
3	The persistent artery of the stomach caliber (Vapular malformation of Dieulafoy). The persistent artery of the stomach caliber (also known as cirsoid aneurysm, Dieulafoy lesion and submuqueous arterial malformation) is clinically manifested in the form of recurrent, massive, often fatal hematemesis. The lesion is often not seen endoscopically. The left gastric angiography in a patient with hematemesis showed a convolated and ect artery.
4	Radionuclide imaging of asymptomatic arthroplasties relative to total symptomatic knee arthroplasties. Ninety-eight total knee prostheses were evaluated by roentgenograms and bone scans. Fifty-three were asymptomatic and 45 were symptomatic. Thirteen prostheses required revision surgery. On average, 54 months, asymptomatic knee replacements generally showed only mild absorption in one or more areas.
0	The Phase I study of repeated cycles of cyclophosphamide, etoposide, and high-dose cisplatin administered without bone marrow transplantation Forty-two patients with advanced malignancy estimated that they were unlikely to respond to the standard treatment received high-dose chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide, etoposide, and cisplatin in a Phase I trial. Twenty-two of these patients who received at least one partial response (PR) to the first treatment cycle received a second cycle, and eight of these patients received at least one partial response (PR) to the first treatment cycle.
2	The influence of the retention or infusion of the spinal cord blood supply on the spinal cord motor evoked potentials and paraplegia after aortic surgery. The permanent ligature of the arteries that provide blood to the spinal cord in aortic aneurysm operations may lead to ischemia of the spinal cord, which may result in paraparasis or paraplegia.
4	In 2 children treated with labetalol, severe and widespread myopathy developed. An 11-year-old girl and a 14-year-old boy showed proximal weakness and significantly higher levels of creatine kinase during treatment with labetalol. Clinical improvement began immediately when the administration of labetalol was discontinued; muscle strength was normal within 2 months.
4	Twenty-nine evaluable patients with invasive melanoma (stage I), regional nodal (stage II) or systemic melanoma (stage III) were subjected to imaging by the administration of a 99m-labelled antipalanoma antibody preparation. The results of the analysis indicated that 28 of the 32 confirmed metastatic sites were represented by this technique (88% sensitivity).
4	We examined 43 sporadic bone and soft tissue sarcomas to determine molecular genetic alterations affecting the retinoblastoma Rb-1 sensitivity gene (also known as RB1). The gene was modified in 6 of 14 sporadic osteosarcomas and 5 of 29 other bone and soft tissue sarcomas.
0	We conducted prospective magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) studies during the neonatal period and at the age of 4 and 8 months in 15-month-old infants with hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy, and compared the results with their neurodevelopmental results at the age of 18 months. Brain paralysis developed in nine infants, two children were classified as having tonal anomalies and delayed motor milestones suggesting cerebral paralysis, and four children were normal.
2	Optimal radiation-induced neuropathy is an uncommon cause of delayed visual loss that can sometimes be difficult to differentiate from compression of the visual pathways by a recurrent neoplasm. The authors describe six patients with this disorder who suffered vision loss 6 to 36 months after neurological surgery and radiation therapy. Of the six patients in the series, two had pituitary adenoma and one had each a metastatic melanoma, multiple myeloma, craniopharyngioma and lymphoepithelioma.
0	The pharmacokinetics of morphine were studied in six patients in whom a radiological location of an insulinoma was to be performed under general anaesthesia. Sampling was performed in the peripheral artery, the mesenteric vein in five of the six patients, the hepatic vein and the peripheral vein, as well as in the urine.
0	In a pilot study, the therapeutic effect and profile of low-dose interferon alfa-2b in combination with a retinoid for the treatment of T-cell lymphoma was evaluated. Seven patients (four women, three men) with histologically confirmed T-cell lymphoma were included. Four patients had already received treatment. The treatment program consisted of 2 million U of interferon alfa-2b administered subcutaneously three times a week and 13-cis-retinoic acid.
0	Anemia is an important factor in the response of some human tumours to radiation therapy. The result is also influenced by whether treatment is given in high pressure air or oxygen (HPO). This study examined the relationship between anaemia and tumour response to radiation in air or HPO in C3H mice transplanted with breast adenocarcinoma using a growth retardation test to assess radiation response.
0	In an ongoing epidemiological study, the mortality rate and causes of death from 1975 to 1984 were determined among Pima Indians residing in the Gila River Indian Community (GRIC) in 1965 and later. Death certificates were available for 677 of the 681 deaths.
2	If the clinical image cannot be explained logically by the radiological results, a more in-depth study is indicated to exclude a co-existing disorder. Investigations may include electrophysiological tests, transcranial magnetic stimulation, brain-rachid fluid (CSF) analysis, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Only then can the indication of surgery be correctly determined.
4	Four infants with stiff skin and painful joint contractions during the first months of life are described. Other characteristics include small papules, particularly on the face and trunk, perianal nodules, hyperpigmentation on metacarpophalangal joints and on malleoles, gingival hyperplasia, persistent diarrhoea and failure to grow. Two of these infants died before the age of 18 months.
4	In a prospective multidisciplinary study of HIV-positive individuals, Cranial Magnetic Resonance Imaging (CMR) was performed on 119 HIV-positive subjects (95 asymptomatic, 24 symptomatic) and the results were correlated with clinical data. RM images considered positive included those showing lesions of atrophy and/or white matter. Based on these criteria, 96 subjects had normal RM images and 23 had abnormal images.
3	Several studies have identified transient disturbances of autonomous function during acute phases and recovery of myocardial infarction, and it has recently been suggested that survivors of acute myocardial infarction with depressive vagal tone may be at increased risk of sudden or arrhythmic death.
3	Indium-111(111In)-antimyosin was studied in 27 patients with myocardial infarction. 111In-antimyosin Fab was administered intravenously and tomographic images calculated by single planar and photonic emission were obtained 48 hours later.
4	The DNA deletion associated with an example of (epsilon gamma delta beta)zero thalassemia (Scottish-Irish type) has been characterized. The deletion is about 205 kb in length and involves the epsilon, G gamma, A gamma, delta, and beta globin genes. The rupture point is located 263 bp 3' exon 3 of the beta globin gene.
1	In the 63 procedures from which the results could be analysed, no reflux was recorded; the upper 95% confidence limit of this observation was 3 out of 63 (4.8%).
3	Insufficiency of left ventricular filling and regional diastolic asynchrony at rest in the coronary artery and in myocardial ischemia induced by exercise. Insufficiency of resting diastolic left ventricular filling (LV) is frequently observed in patients with coronary artery (CAD) with normal systolic function of the LV and without previous infarction.
4	The proliferation and effects of the substrate on endothelial cell thrombogenicity were measured. The effects of cell differentiation and adhesive substrate on endothelial cell function in cell culture were measured using an enzymatic surface thrombogenicity test. Solid plastic, microporous polymeric and fibronectin (FN) were used as substrates for endothelial cell growth.
3	The radiotracer measurements of the plasma overflow of norepinephrine are well suited to study both the responses of the human sympathetic nervous system to mental stress and the sympathetic nervous pathophysiology in human hypertension. With experimental stress in the laboratory or (cognitive challenge), we noted preferential activation of sympathetic cardiac flow; however, in the fainting reactions ("vasovagal syncope") that rarely occur during the placement of the central venous catheter under local anaesthesia, the opposite was observed -
4	The association between current urination habits and previous urinary infections was analyzed by questionnaire among 3553 7-year-old students. The incidence of urinary infections, confirmed by urinary culture, was high (145 (84%) among 1719 girls and 32 (1.7%) among 1834 boys. There was a significant association between current symptoms suggesting impaired bladder function and previous urinary infection, but only among girls over 3 years of age at the time of diagnosis of the first episode.
2	The remainder underwent a definitive implant and were followed for an average of 13 months (interval, 3-33 months).
4	HgCl2, CuSO4, SnCl2, SnCl4 or sodium lauryl sulphate (SLS) were openly applied to the oral mucous membranes of rats for 1 min, followed by 6 h later by a histological examination of the tissue response. granulocytes were the predominant inflammatory cells and no lymphocyte infiltration could be observed with any of the substances tested. Irritant thresholds were histologically defined for each of the substances.
3	The moderate hypothermia (30 degrees C) induced before circulatory arrest is known to improve the neurological outcome. For the first time in a reproducible dog outcome model, moderate hypothermia induced during reperfusion after cardiac arrest (resuscitation) was explored. In three groups of six dogs each (N = 18), cardiac arrest of normo-mother ventricular fibrillation (no blood flow) of 17 minutes was reversed by cardiopulmonary-normormal bypass in dogs.
3	In this study, we examined whether administration of quinacrin from the phospholipase inhibitor would reduce the extent of myocardial necrosis after occlusion of the coronary artery. In open-chest dogs, the left anterior descending coronary artery was ligated and technetium.
1	We report 5 patients who developed dementia before the age of 60 and were subsequently found to have celiac disease. Intellectual deterioration ranged from moderate to severe, and diffuse brain or cerebellar atrophy was found on the CT brain. CD diagnosis was confirmed by subtotal vile atrophy in samples of jejunal biopsy and positive antibodies against serum retuline and gliadine.
0	We studied the function of twenty-two patients who had a malignant skeletal tumour adjacent to the knee. An amputation above the knee was performed in seven; an arthrodesis of resection, in nine; and replacement arthrodesis, in six. All patients walked at a similar speed (six to sixty-six metres per minute), which is slower than normal (eighty metres per minute).
4	The aim of this study was to compare the degree of ischemic and hypoxic lesions in normal hearts compared to hypertrophic hearts in rats to study the basic mechanisms responsible for irreversible ischemic lesions in myocardium. Hearts of rats with bands placed on the aortic arc at 23 days of age (BAND) and poorly operated rats (SHAM, 8 weeks postoperative) were isolated, infused with Krebs buffer, and had a left ventricular balloon to measure
2	The effects of progressive positive nasal pressure on the respiratory tract (0-15 cm H2O) on heart rate, pulmonary arterial pressure, and cardiac index were studied not invasively by Doppler echocardiography. Bidirectional analysis of variance in two groups (19 normal volunteers and 6 sleep apnea patients) revealed no significant effects on heart rate, pulmonary arterial pressure
4	In this study, we examined whether administration of quinacrin from the phospholipase inhibitor would reduce the extent of myocardial necrosis after occlusion of the coronary artery. In open-chest dogs, the left anterior descending coronary artery was ligated and technetium.
2	To document this change, we analyzed two groups of patients in 1981 (n = 1586) and 1987 (n = 1513) to document the important pre-operative and post-operative variables to determine immediate morbidity and mortality following isolated coronary bypass surgery. Between 1981 and 1987, patients were older (over 70 years of age, 8.7% versus 21.8%, p less than 0.0001), more often diabetic (15% versus 24%, p less than 0.0001), have a higher prevalence.
4	Comparison of a 3 and 6 mm incision in phacoemulsification and trabeculectomy combined. 216 eyes were studied in 160 patients with a combined intraocular implantation of phacoemulsification and posterior chamber with trabeculectomy. The mean follow-up was 18.7 months, with a minimum follow-up of six months. To assess the safety and effectiveness of a recently developed 3 mm incision procedure with foldable intraocular implantation (phacotrabeclectomy), we compared 104
4	In an interdisciplinary study of medical injuries and malpractice prosecutions, we estimated the incidence of adverse events, defined as injuries caused by medical management, and the sub-group of these injuries resulting from care that is negligent or below standards. METHODS. We examined 30,121 randomly selected cases of 51 randomly selected acute care, non-psychiatric hospitals in New York State in 1984.
2	Because flow loops (LVFs) are clinically useful in assessing upper respiratory tract obstruction (AU) and the fact that nasopharyngeal ventilatory pathway patence is important for the prevention of sleep obese apnea (OSA), this study examined the role of nasal LVFs in the assessment of oral LVFs in patients with OSA. Fourteen male obese patients aged 56 +/- 3 years with mean apnea plus
4	Endoscopic, clinical and laboratory parameters, including varicose veins in the gastric background, red sign, diameter and number of varicose columns, platelet count and child condition, were evaluated in 109 patients with cirrhosis and oesophageal varicose veins without previous varicose vein bleeding.
4	Three patients with systemic hypotension and sinus bradycardia who were initially refractory to conventional treatment responded well to intravenous calcium administration. Two-dimensional echocardiography revealed an immediate reversal of severe left ventricular dysfunction after intravenous calcium administration in two cases. Common factors were hyperkalaemia and treatment with verapamil. This interaction was further examined by the evaluation of contractility, heart rate, and blood pressure in anaesthetized dogs.
4	The epidemiology of acute respiratory tract infections in young children in Kenya was studied in a rural community 80 km north of Nairobi, Kenya, which was prospectively conducted in 250 families of 470 children under the age of 5 who were contacted every 8 days in the 3-year study. The annual incidence of respiratory tract infections decreased from 5.2 to 3.4 in the study; less than 5% of these infections were in the lower respiratory tract.
2	We analyzed the clinical profiles and autopsy results of five patients who died shortly after developing a cerebral infarction following thrombotic occlusion of the internal carotid artery. In all five cases, thrombotic occlusion was caused by rupture of the fibrous wall on the atherome groove that caused the internal carotid artery showing tight lumen stenosis.
4	A 46-year-old man could not be weaned from ventilatory support during procainamide treatment. When the medicine was discontinued, the patient was successfully weaned shortly thereafter.
3	We report a 44-year-old man with chronic chagasic cardiomyopathy who underwent dynamic cardiomyoplasty of latissimus dorsi and died 4 months later. The clinical results are discussed, and the literature is reviewed.
4	We examined the effects of dietary deficiency in vitamin E and selenium on the ischemia-reperfusion model of renal lesions in rats. Defective diets imposed for six weeks on weaned three-week-old rats resulted in no significant differences in body weight, serum creatinine, RFR, BFR, TmPAH, or urinary total protein excretion levels prior to ischemia.
4	In a recent period of 11 years, 233 consecutive patients with 358 penetrating iliac vascular lesions were treated in our facility. Common and external iliac arteries were most often repaired with lateral suture (31%) although several other techniques were also used. Lateral suture and ligature were used with almost equal frequency in venous injury management. The hospital mortality rate for the series was 28%, and 56/66 deaths (85%) were due to exsan
1	The surgical contaminants of many types, including glove powder, are a source of granuloma formation. This is particularly well documented in the peritoneal cavity ("fecal peritonitis"), but has been documented at most anatomical sites. The production of starch-free gloves should eliminate this danger, but the surgeon should bear in mind that most of the particulate substances introduced into the body inevitably establish an inflammatory response.
0	An unusual complication of a Hickman catheter. Vine access devices (VADs) have become an important tool in the management of cancer patients. Multiple complications may occur following the insertion of a VAD. The authors report a case of Hickman catheter perforating the cava upper vein wall in the pericardium, resulting in an accidental intrapericardial infusion of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU).
0	In Africa, hyperreactive malaria splenomegaly (HMS), also known as tropical splenomegaly syndrome, may be associated with high blood and bone marrow lymphocytosis, which is difficult to distinguish clinically from chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (CLL). The observation that some MSS patients become resistant to treatment with antimalarial drugs has led to the suggestion that SMS may evolve into an antimalarial drug.
3	The exclusion of Na(+)-H+ as a candidate gene in essential human hypertension. The primary abnormalities that contribute to the pathogenesis of essential human hypertension are unknown. The known genetic contribution to this disorder suggests the possible use of genetic binding analysis to verify whether certain candidate genes contribute to the pathogenesis of essential hypertension or intermediate phenotypes.
2	A review and recommendations. A review of the literature selected from the clinical course of ventricular-hunting patients for hydrocephalus shows that the effects of brain-rachid fluid overdrainage are subdural hematoma, craniosynostosis, slit ventricular syndrome, and low intracranial pressure syndrome. These occur sequentially at different age groups, but approximate averages of incidence and time of onset after the first hunt reveal an overall incidence of
0	OBJECTIVE: To determine the relationship between in vitro establishment of tumour cell lines and survival in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. DESIGN: Cohort Study. REGULATION: Single Institution Tertiary Care Centre. PATIENTS: One hundred and twenty-three consecutive patients with non-small cell lung cancer from which a viable tumour sample could be obtained. INTERVENTION: Tumor tissue was removed at the time of entry into a therapeutic protocol.
4	In the first assessment, eight patients with Marfan syndrome (53%) had mitral regurgitation and none had aortic regurgitation.
0	As the number of long-term survivors of infant leukemia increases, growth retardation appeared to be a significant complication. Treatment of these children with growth hormone (GH) was suggested and applied sporadically. Therefore, the effect of human GH (hGH) and its insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) on in vitro leukemia cell growth was investigated.
4	The exercise capacity of patients with muscle phosphofructokinase deficiency is low and fluctuates day by day. The basis for this variable exercise tolerance is unknown, but our patients with this disorder indicate that active muscle fatigue is faster after a high-carbohydrate meal. METHODS AND RESULTS. To determine the effect of carbohydrates on exercise performance, we asked four patients with muscle phosphofructokinase deficiency to perform a cycle exercise under different availability conditions.
4	The genetic influence on the risk of alcoholism was examined in a U.S. treatment sample of 50 monozygous (MZ) and 64 male dizygous (DZ) and 31 MZ and 24 female twins of the same sex. For the composite diagnosis of alcohol abuse and/or dependence, statistically significant differences in MZ/DZ in concordance were found with male but not female twins.
3	In group 1, 1 patient died and 3 patients (50%) experienced recurrent respiratory distress. Five infants experienced major postoperative complication, and the average postoperative stay was 25 days. In group 2, however, aortopex aortopex aortopex
0	Inflammatory pseudosarcoma of the bladder is a rare benign entity that cannot be differentiated from a malignant tumour during a single radiological examination. Only a pathological examination can allow for a definitive diagnosis. The authors report two cases of these benign tumours in patients without a history of bladder disease or trauma; the tumours were large, demonstrated an invasion into local tissues, and recursed in one case after incomplete transurethral resection.
4	For example, when the amplitude of movement is variable, patients with Parkinson's disease generally have an almost constant maximum speed, while elderly subjects show an increase in their maximum speed with an increased amplitude. The experiment examined the ability of patients with Parkinson's disease to vary the length of their movement (four percentages different from their maximum) under conditions where temporal, but not spatial, control was demonstrated.
4	In a subsequent entry trial, the incidence and course of neutrophil impairment was evaluated in 20 patients treated with allogeneic bone marrow transplantation (ATM). The objective of the study was to evaluate the prognostic value of low neutrophil function for late pyogenic infections. Chimitaxis, superoxide production and phagocytic-bactericidal activity were studied before and after 2, 6, 9 and 12 months after TBB.
0	The expression of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGF) was estimated in 50 invasive human colorectal cancers using immunohistochemistry and the degree of expression was quantified from integrated optical density measurements on coloured sections. All tumours positively stained, but Dukes' C tumours had significantly higher receptor levels than Dukes' A or B tumours.
0	Progress in prosthetic design, the use of allografts, and a systematic approach to the stage and surgical treatment of musculoskeletal tumours have made it possible to recover limbs in the proximal femoral region. With the use of effective adjuvant therapy, limb recovery is now an option for the majority of patients with invasive local neoplasms in this area. The increase in functional outcome is sufficient to justify a serious consideration of member recovery on the corresponding amputation.
4	On the basis of a body of substantial research in oncology and wound healing, it is assumed that restenosis is a manifestation of the general response to wound healing expressed specifically in vascular tissues. The temporal response to lesions occurs in three characteristic phases: inflammation, granulation and remodeling of the extracellular matrix.
0	We report an unusual case of obstruction of the exit of the bladder due to pelvic lipoma in a 31-year-old white man. The mass was evaluated by simple film, computer tomography and magnetic resonance imaging. The differential diagnosis of extraperitoneal pelvic masses containing fat is discussed.
4	Poloxamer 407 is a biocompatible polymer that has characteristics of inverse thermal gelation, i.e. it exists as a liquid at room temperature and as a solid at body temperature, making it an ideal material for use in laparoscopic surgery.
4	The treatment of abdominal aortic aneurysm by exclusion and bypassing: analysis of the results. Abdominal aortic aneurysm is treated conventionally by aneurysmmorrhaphy with inlying graft. The division of the aorta, with suture closure of the distal aorta and of the exit vessels (exclusion of aneurysm) and the bypassing of the proximal to distal end to end can also be carried out. However, the long-term fate of this operation has not been determined.
0	Our patient had stage IIIAI Hodgkin disease with synchronous myelofibrosis and myeloid metaplasia. A slowly progressive myeloproliferative disease develops over 9 1/2 years and ends in painful osteolytic bone disease, extradural granulocyte sarcoma of the spine and megakaryocy leukaemia
0	Twenty-two patients with recurrent small cell lung cancer (SCLC) were treated with single agent etoposide 50 mg/m2/d orally for 21 consecutive days. Eleven patients had already received chemotherapy with cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin and vincristine (CAV) or etoposide (CAE).
1	The redness sign - an endoscopic characteristic of the cecum. The mucosal spots, or "redness spots", surrounding the appendage orifice are an endoscopic characteristic of the cecum. These are clusters of round or oval spots of 1 to 2 mm slightly raised, each with a pale centre and a erythematous border. They are in microscopic correlation with subepithlial and submucose lymphoid follicles. The redness pattern, identified in about one third of the colonoscopy, was
0	A peritoneum incision between the round ligament and the infundibulo-pelvic on either side gave access to the retroperitoneal space. Later, laparoscopic surgery allowed a precise dissection of the external and internal iliac vessels, the umbilical artery and the shutter nerve. The peritoneum was left open, and the lymph was drained into the peritoneal cavity.
3	The incidence and severity of catheter-induced tricuspid regurgitation have not been studied extensively. Given the frequency with which right-heart catheters are used to measure cardiac output, it is important to know whether the severity of catheter-induced tricuspid regurgitation is sufficient to invalidate the measurement of thermodilutional cardiac flow. Therefore, this prospective study was designed to determine the incidence and severity of catheter-induced tricuspid regurgitation.
4	morphological changes and the proliferation of smooth muscle cells after excimer experimental laser treatment. BACKGROUND. Little is known about the mechanism(s) in the development of restenosis after excimer laser angioplasty. Thus, the rationale for this study was to determine the temporal course of intimal smooth and median muscle cell proliferation (CMS) and histomorphological changes after excimer experimental laser treatment.
4	A rare case is reported where previous abdominal attempts to repair have made it necessary to have a thoracoabdominal approach.
3	Five hundred and twenty-five hypertrophic cardiomyopathy patients had left ventricular myotomy and myectomy (LVMM) from 1960 to 1990. Four hundred and ninety-six patients had non-regurant aortic trifoliar valves prior to LVMM. In 19 of these patients (4%), aortic regurgitation developed after LVMM. Age of 19 patients ranged from 10 to 58 years (mean age, 35 +/- 3 [+/- standard error of mean]).
3	Fifty-two patients with axillary-subclavian venous thrombosis have been treated over the past 10 years and have been monitored for at least one year. Eighteen of these patients have been treated in the first 5 years, group A, and 34 in the last 5 years, group B. The causes of both groups A and B included, respectively, exercise or spontaneous 28% and 29%, catheter insertion 17% and 47%, and malignancy.
3	SUBJECT: This study compared the safety and efficacy of labetalol and enalapril as antihypertensive therapy in elderly patients. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A randomised, open, parallel-controlled trial was conducted. After completing a placebo phase of 4 weeks, 79 elderly patients (65 years of age or older) with a permanent mean diastolic blood pressure (PB) of 95 mm Hg or more and 114 mm Hg or less were treated with placebo.
2	In this retrospective study, 72 patients with obstructive sleep apnea with polysomnograms taken before and after uvulopalatopharyngoplasty were evaluated. Postoperatively, there was a significant improvement in sleep architecture and respiratory indices. In addition, a second group of 17 patients also had position recordings with their polysomnograms. Time spent in supine and lateral sleep positions changed postoperatively.
3	This study evaluates changes in myocardial ischemic threshold (heart rate at onset of ischemia) during daily activities in patients with ischemic episodes on Holter surveillance. Eighty patients with known coronary disease, positive results of treadmill stress tests and more or less 2 ischemic episodes over a 24-hour period of Holter surveillance were studied. The lowest and highest ischemic thresholds were determined for each patient.
3	Mitral regurgitation (MR) was evaluated by Doppler echocardiography in 59 patients with mitral stenosis before, immediately after and 1 year after balloon mitral valvuloplasty (BMV). The severity of MR was noted on a scale ranging from 1+ to 4+. The echocardiographic and hemodynamic variables were analyzed to study the potential factor(s) that could predict long-term persistence of MR. The echocardiographic variables were mitral valve thickness.
0	- Thirty-five augmented women underwent mammography using the standard implant compression technique and, to the extent possible, implant displacement technique; all had a pre-increased film screen mammography available for evaluation. The area of mammographic breast tissue visualized before and after mammaplasty was measured using a transparent grid. Patients with subglandular implants had an average decrease of 49 percent in the measured tissue area.
3	The benefits of continuous antihypertensive therapy have been widely documented. However, the lack of compliance with the prescribed regimen, excessive costs and undesirable effects of certain antihypertensive agents have led to intermittent treatment or even complete discontinuation of treatment as an effective alternative to drugs throughout the life cycle. Prospective studies on this subject have reported inconsistent results. However, they have enabled us to identify the criteria for selecting candidates for antihypertensive therapy or discontinuation of antihypertensive therapy.
4	An international survey identified 40 patients under 20 years of age who were surgically implanted with an automatic implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (AICD). There was a history of sudden cardiac death or prolonged ventricular tachycardia in 92.5% of these patients. Twenty-two patients (55%) had structural heart disease; dilated and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy were the most common diagnoses. Eighteen patients (45%) had primary electrical abnormalities, seven with congenital syndrome.
2	Late dyskinesia. Late dyskinesia is a potentially irreversible syndrome of involuntary hyperkinetic movements that occur in predisposed people receiving prolonged neuroleptic (antipsychotic) therapy. It is generally characterized by choreoathetoid dyskinesia in the orofacial, limb and trunk regions, but subtypes of this syndrome may include late dystonia and late akathisia.
3	In hypertensive patients, elevated serum cholesterol is a common and sinister additional coronary risk factor. Selective alpha 1-adrenoceptor inhibitors appear to have the unique ability to control both risk factors. Forty-two patients, aged 42 to 65 years, including 21 men with prolonged hypertension and high serum cholesterol levels, were included in a once daily doxazosin monotherapy trial (range, 1 to 16 mg).
0	In part, this is a reflection of the multiplicity of imaging techniques currently widely used around the world, including ultrasound (US), radionuclide scan (RNS), calculated tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and specially designed techniques to determine the extent of known liver cancer, such as tomography calculated during tumour imaging.
4	A study of 58 consecutive Indian infants for congenital hypertrophic pyloric stenosis revealed an increased male predominance in the incidence of the disease and a much less preoperative haemememesi compared to that of their western counterparts. 'Pyloric tumour' was palpable in 89% of cases. Only 34.5% of these infants were born for the first time. Postoperative vomiting occurred in 13.8% of patients and sepsis.
1	The objective of this study was to determine the most effective formula for infant feeding during an episode of acute diarrhoea. Fifty infants under 12 months of age with severe diarrhoea and dehydration of at least 5% were admitted to a metabolic unit and studied in a forward-looking protocol to blindness. Ten infants were randomly given one of five formula types: two-thirds diluted cow milk, cow's milk (Nanon, Nestle, Inc., Sao Paulo, Brazil), Portagen, Pregestimil or Pro.
0	The incidence of infection, seroma, hematoma, and epidermolysis was compared between 1983 and 1989 in 395 patients (305 with modified radical mastectomy and 90 with mastectomy with immediate breast reconstruction) of Virginia Mason Medical Center, Seattle, Wash. Obesity, age (60 years or older), and the incidence of breast reconstruction were compared with similar data after modified radical mastectomy.
4	The incidence of respiratory complications and the desaturation of blood hemoglobin during the onset of anesthesia was compared in children whose trachea were extinct while anaesthetized or after waking up and who had been administered halothane or isoflurane. One hundred children aged 1 to 4 years undergoing minor urological surgery were studied. Following a standard induction technique, patients were randomized to receive isoflurane.
4	We present a case of eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome in a patient taking high doses of L-tryptophan for sedation. He developed the results today-classic myalgia, skin changes, and marked eosinophilia. This syndrome was first recognized in late 1989, and epidemiological studies demonstrated a combination of clinical syndrome with ingestion of L-tryptophan. The mechanism of toxicity remains unknown.
2	This study was conducted to determine whether the addition of norepinephrine to local anaesthetics prolongs epidural analgesia in humans. Furthermore, concentrations of norepinephrine (NE) in cerebrospinal fluid were measured. In the first part of the study, epidural catheters were inserted in 14 patients prior to herniotomy.
2	The DNA of 176 carriers of the Tay-Sachs gene was tested for the presence of the three most frequently found mutations in Ashkenazi Jews: insertion, splice junction and adult mutations. Of 148 Ashkenazi Jews tested, 108 have the mutation of insertion, 26 have the mutation of splice junction, five have the adult mutation, and nine have none of the three. Of 28 non-Jewish carriers tested, most of which were mandatory.
4	We describe a patient with congenital monomeric hypertrophy who subsequently developed a progressive drop of foot due to degenerative myopathy. The clinical, electrophysiological and pathological characteristics of the case are described and compared with those of a previously reported case.
4	The fractures were classified into four groups, and the clinical results were evaluated using a standard knee evaluation system at 100 points. The mean follow-up period after surgery was 2.7 years. Overall, there were 35 excellent, five good, three fair, and no bad results. In five of the eight knees with a score below excellent, the results were due to the fracture binding technique or the absence of bone graft.
2	The prognostic factors in the treatment of alopecia areata with diphenylcyclopropenone. One hundred and thirty-nine patients with alopecia areata were treated with diphenylcyclopropenone. Prior to treatment, 85 patients had partial or total hair loss (more than 90% of the bald surface) and in other patients the involvement of the scalp was between 40% and 90%. The following three factors were found to be prognostic: type of alopecia areata as a document.
3	In this study, the functional significance of this perceptual anomaly was assessed by the analysis of its effect on the ability to exercise and severity of myocardial ischemia.
4	These experiments were conducted to determine whether spot mutations activating K-ras or H-ras oncogenes induced by procarcinogen 1,2-dimethylhydrazine (DMH) were detectable in preneoplastic or neoplastic rat colonic mucous membranes. Rats were injected weekly with diluent or DMH at 20 mg/kg body weight for 5, 10, 15 or 25 wk
1	The rectal prolapsus which is insoluble to the usual medical therapy was successfully managed without significant complications in 10 patients per single subcutaneous encirclement of the anus with a heavy, non-absorbent suture, which was in place until the suture was removed or broken after 4 to 6 months. Four patients required two sutures and one needed a third insertion. As this procedure is simple, does not have serious complications, and controls the rectal prolapsus, it is recommended as surgical treatment.
4	A 31-year-old man had recurrent gastrointestinal haemorrhage after replacement of the aortic valve and initiation of coumadine anticoagulation therapy. Radionuclide haemorrhagic scan and subsequent contrast angiogram showed a hemorrhage site in the distal ileon, and in surgery a spherical duplication of 1.8 cm was found. During histological examination, duplication was bordered with normal ileal mucous membranes, and near the mouth of the ileal ileum was found.
4	We studied the reciprocal inhibition of H reflexes in flexor and forearm extensor muscles in 14 patients with spastic hemiplegia secondary to focal brain injury and 14 normal volunteers. In the spastic limb, the Hmax/Mmax ratio was increased in flexor muscles and particularly in the extensor wrist.
4	The molecular analysis of genes in the HLA-D region identifies new markers of Hashimoto goiterous thyroidite. Hashimoto thyroidite has been associated with the specificities of HLA DR4 and DR5. As previous association studies have given variable results, new molecular typing methods have been used to evaluate predisposing immunogenetic factors. Genetic analysis of the HLA-DR-DQ region and tumour necrosis factor has been performed in a group of patients with thyr
3	However, a preoperative evaluation of (1) the proximal extent of the tumour and (2) the degree of adhesion within the cava vein is necessary to plan operational strategies. The following report describes the successful use of intravascular ultrasonography in the preoperative evaluation of a patient with recurrent renal carcinoma with caval vein extension.
0	A 45-year-old male was diagnosed with multiple myeloma, IgA-kappa, in 1975. Thirteen years later, he presented with obstructive jaundice. Calculated Tomography (CT) showed a mass of 6 cm in the head of the pancreas. The aspiration of the needle showed myeloma. The jaundice resolved after radiation therapy.
1	Is primary repair of gastroschia and amphalocele always the best operation? Optimal surgical management of newborns with gastroschia and amphalocela remains controversial. The suggested benefits of primary fascial closure include early return of gastrointestinal function, decreased hospital stay, less sepsis, less risk of postoperative intestinal obstruction and fistula, and lower mortality.
2	Validation of a Carpal Tunnel Syndrome Surveillance Case Definition The National Institute of Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) has proposed a definition of work-related carpal tunnel syndrome (CTS) surveillance case definition. The case definition requires the presence of median nerve symptoms; one or more occupational risk factors; and objective evidence of the STC, including one of three physical examination results or diagnostic nerve conduction tests of the STC. We evaluated the performance of the case definition.
0	We have previously shown that 8-mercaptoguanosine (8MG) may replace cytokine requirements in the CTL generation restricted to MHC.
3	This case report describes a patient with chronic fibrosing mediastinitis involving the entire intrapericardial aorta, the innominated artery, and the heart base with involvement of the proximal segments of the coronary arteries. This result was not suspected before the emergency coronary artery bypass transplant. Coronary stenosis due to fibrosant mediastinitis is a rare complication of fibrosing mediastinitis.
0	The chemosensitivity of testicular carcinoma in situ (CIS) was analyzed in 25 excise testicles 10 weeks to 4.5 years after platinum-based chemotherapy. CIS was present in 8 of 23 evaluable cases (35%), in 5 cases where the lesion coexisted with the invasive tumour of germ cells. It is concluded that CIS may persist or reappear after chemotherapy.
1	- Plasma samples of 206 voluntary blood donors were tested for hepatitis B virus (HBV) DNA by blot hybridization and polymerase chain reaction (PCR). All donors were negative for hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) and had normal serum alanine aminotransferase levels. None of the 206 plasma samples were positive for HBV DNA by blot hybridization.
4	Hexamethylene bisacetamide (HMBA; NSC 95580) is a potent polar-planar differentiation agent for leukemia and solid tumour cell lines in vitro at clinically feasible concentrations. HMBA is currently being studied in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome.
3	Infusion of 400 microlitres of air in the left internal carotid artery of five anesthetized rabbits resulted in transient embolism of the air of the pial artery, immediate expansion of 41.9 +/- 0.8% of embolized vessels, suppression of cortical somatosensorial disease caused a response to 29.4 +/- 2.7% of baseline and a gradual decrease in ipsilateral cerebral blood flow (measured by hydrogen clearance) to 46 +/
0	The medical need to evaluate and treat wine stains at port. New lasers and improved laser delivery systems have enabled safe and effective treatment of wine stains at port in patients of all ages. Satisfactory results from laser treatment have increased the number of patients requesting consultations on their birth marks. It is imperative that doctors recognize the various medical syndromes and problems associated with wine stains at port.
0	In the last eight years, 311 patients have been treated surgically by the principal perpetrators of thyroid disease. More than 80% of the cases have been performed by the head and neck surgery department at Olive View County Hospital in Sylmar, Calif, and the rest have been performed in institutions affiliated with UCLA. This service is an important source of surgical training for UCLA head and neck residents who operate through this important subsidiary.
4	Since its original description, celiac axis syndrome has been a subject of debate. Clinical results include postprandial abdominal pain, weight loss and epigastric noise. Diagnosis is often done by exclusion and is confirmed by lateral aortography. The role of surgery in the treatment of celiac axis syndrome is controversial.
1	In order to establish a contemporary patient profile and formulate an effective management strategy, a retrospective examination was performed in 84 pregnant patients who had undergone laparotomy with a pre-operative diagnosis of acute appendicitis. The gestational stage at presentation included the first trimester in 27 patients (32%), the second trimester in 37 patients (44%), the third trimester in 13 patients (16%), and puerperium in 7 patients (8%).
3	Treatment of postoperative infection of the ascending aorta and transversal aortic arc, including the use of viable omentum and muscle flaps Postoperative infection of the ascending aorta and aortic arc in 40 patients was treated with an antibiotic alone (4 patients) or with a lifetime operation and antibiotic therapy (36 patients).
0	We found that Gleason's histological classification system is a good clinical marker for predicting long-term response and prognosis in symptomatic D-2 prostate adenocarcinoma. In this retrospective study, 56 cases were examined and correlated with bone analysis, acid phosphatase, and symptomatology after bilateral orchiectomy.
4	In a retrospective study of 268 patients with essential thrombocythemia, associated skin manifestations were observed in 58 (22%). In 27 cases (10%) associated skin lesions were present at the time of the primary diagnosis of essential thrombocythemia. Hematomas, bruising, petechia or purpura occurred in 24 of 58 patients (41%). Fifteen patients (26%) had erythromelialgia, of which 11 were the first complaint.
4	A method for mapping arterial trees that can be used in the soft tissues of the corpse is presented. Angiograms and in situ photographs are supplemented by angiograms of the relatively narrow tissue profile of the sample removed. The method described was better suited to map the course and supply patterns of an arterial network of soft tissue than the in situ angiograms or angiograms.
0	- Severe gastrointestinal dysmotility is a newly recognized paraneoplastic syndrome that occurs with small cell lung carcinoma. Thirty-four patients with small cell carcinoma, 5 of whom had chronic intestinal pseudo-obstruction and 29 had no digestive symptoms, were serologically studied. Four of the 5 patients with intestinal dysmotility had reactive immunoglobulin G antibodies with myenteric and submucosal plexus neurons of the jejunum and stomach
4	The effects of cisapride prokinetic therapy in patients with constipation-predominant irritable syndrome (SII) were evaluated in a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Sixty-nine patients with IRS were assigned to a 12-week treatment with 5 mg cisapride or placebo t.i.d.; this dose could be changed if necessary.
3	We studied the consolidation of coffee consumption and selected atheogenic behaviours among seniors living in a community in southern California. Men were somewhat more likely to drink caffeine coffee while women were more likely to drink decaffeinated coffee. In men, but not women, caffeine consumption decreased with age and decaffeinated coffee consumption increased.
4	I.m. ketorolac trometamol and morphine sulphate were compared with 10 mg of morphine sulphate after a double-blind, multiple-dose, randomized study in 100 patients. The pain assessment was performed immediately after the operation (day 1) and the following morning (day 2). Pain intensity (verbal response score and analog visual scale) was recorded prior to the injection and then over a period of 6 h. Pain relief was also evaluated.
3	- Intraoperative problems, the early postoperative phase of recovery and intensive care, and other incidents in which general anaesthesia was necessary for the management of complications, are mentioned; results, both short- and long-term, are mentioned; major intraoperative events of concern appear to be related to the severity of the present disease and to the development of respiratory insufficiency; others have reported the development of intraoperative heart failure.
3	Experimental studies of the physiological properties of technetium-99m isonitriles have recently been carried out on the development of technetium-99m (Tc-99m)-labelled isonitrile compounds for the evaluation of regional infusion and viability after infarction or ischemia of the experimental myocardial system. One of the most promising of these agents, Tc-99m sestamibi, has been the subject of a rather thorough laboratory study.
0	The authors compared responses from 132 consecutive cases of DN, 186 consecutive cases of skin melanoma, and 239 controls in the same subspecialty clinic with questions about sun sensitivity, sun exposure, and other possible risk factors. ND cases were younger than control cases and were of a higher social class, as indicated by more years of formal education.
0	The objective of this prospective study was to assess: 1) the role of tomographic scanning calculated in predicting the invasion of the chest wall by peripheral lung cancer and 2) the results of the operation based on the depth of thoracic wall involvement and other potential long-term survival indicators.
3	The origin and distribution of the coronary arteries were described in 39 autopsies of truncus arteriosus (TA). The specimens were classified according to the number and patterns of the trunk cusps. The position of the trunk cusps was defined in relation to the intracardiac structures, i.e. the auriventricular openings. Bicuspid trunk valves were observed in 8 cases (21%), tricuspid in 22 cases (56%) and quadricuspid in 9 cases.
0	A higher aneuploid rate was also reported in metastatic melanomas than in primary lesions. The ploidy profile was determined to be 26 primary melanomas and their subsequent first secondary melanomas on sections of Feulgen kept from commonly treated material.
0	OBJECTIVE: To assess the benefits and risks of post-operative treatment with levamisole plus 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) in patients with colon cancer. DESIGN: Computerized MEDLINE and CANCERLIT searches were performed and the reference list of each item recovered was verified. Only randomized studies of levamisole alone or combined with 5-FU for colon cancer without remote metastases were included.
4	In 13 patients with iridocorneal endothelial syndrome and 13 healthy controls of race, age and sex, antibodies against Epstein-Barr were determined. The geometric mean titre of IgG antibodies to Epstein-Barr capside antigen and the proportion with high IgG antibody titres to Epstein-Barr capside antigen (greater or equal to 1:6) were determined.
3	The incidence and clinical significance of ST segment elevation after electric cardioversion of atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter. To study the incidence and clinical significance of ST segment elevations postshock, 12-lead ECGs were recorded immediately after transthoracic direct current electric cardioversion in 146 patients with atrial fibrillation or flutter.
4	• Magnetic resonance imaging of congenital heart disease in the paediatric patient. The current state-of-the-art MR imaging provides a high-resolution evaluation of cardiac anatomy in children with congenital heart disease. Although echocardiography remains the standard initial evaluation modality, MR imaging plays a key role in complementing this information in the paediatric thorax.
4	Two cases of unimmunized fetalis hydrops and fetal death associated with cardiac rhabdomyoma are reported. Case 1 with fetal supraventricular tachycardia, and cardiac rhabdomyoma were accurately diagnosed by fetal echocardiography. Autopsy revealed several rhabdomyomas involving the right free atrial wall, the sino-atricular node, and the left ventricle. The left circumflex coronary artery was extrinsically compressed.
4	In order to determine the effect of transfusion on the incidence of postoperative infection, a retrospective cohort study of 196 patients undergoing gastric carcinoma surgery between 1985 and 1989 was conducted. Seventy-one patients (36.2%) developed postoperative septic complications; they received an average of 4.2 units of blood compared to 2.7 units received by unaffected patients (p less than 0.0053).
4	To characterize the effects of glucose on pulmonary vascular response to anoxia and hypoxia, isolated ferret lungs were ventilated with 28% O2 and 5% CO2 and infused at constant flow (100 ml.kg-1.min-1). Infused glucose concentrations were allowed to fall spontaneously at less than 1 mM (low glucose) or were controlled at 5-6 mM (normal glycaemia) or 12-17 mM (high glycaemia).
0	· Sixty-eight cutaneous squamous cell neoplasms (in situ and invasive) and 26 basal cell carcinomas from 89 patients were analyzed for human papilloma virus (HPV)-like DNA sequences that were primarily found in the genital tract. Thirty-six (53%) of squamous cell neoplasms contained HPV DNA as detected by a filter or in situ hybridization analysis.
2	It is essential that teachers, parents and health professionals recognize the main educational problems affecting students with epilepsy; children with epilepsy should be placed in the least restrictive school environment so that social, emotional and educational requirements can be met within a framework that is best suited to the current needs of the individual and to future development.
2	Human immunodeficiency virus infection can be affected by human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Co-existing infections and neoplastic processes in the eyes and brain create a diagnostic challenge for the clinician. This article discusses neuroophthalmic manifestations associated with HIV and AIDS, with a focus on clinical presentation, diagnosis and treatment.
1	Clinical function and anorectal physiological function were evaluated and correlated in 20 patients with ulcerative colitis prior to restorative proctocolectomy and 3, 7 and 12 months after operation. The entire anal sphincter was retained with pocket stapled anastomosis. Prior to operation, the median resting pressure was 79 cmH2O (interquartile interval 70-89 cmH2O
3	To verify that myocardial ischemia occurring during the overbreathing or recovery phase of the hyperventilation test are based on different pathogenic mechanisms, 2 consecutive series of patients, selected on the basis of their response to a flow hyperventilation test, were studied. Group I included 15 patients who developed ST-segment depression at the beginning of the overbreathing period, while Group II included 12 patients.
4	Torulopsis glabrata vaginitis: clinical aspects and susceptibility to antifungal agents. Torulopsis glabrata is the second to Candida albicans in the frequency of vaginal isolation in asymptomatic women and patients with yeast vaginitis. We have studied retrospectively 33 patients in whom vaginal isolates of T glabrata have been obtained. Torulopsis glabrata caused symptomatic vaginitis in 42% of patients but was not associated with symptoms in 30%; in 27% of patients with antifungal agents, torulopsis glabrata vaginitis was associated with symptoms.
3	The identification of viable myocardial disease in patients with chronic coronary artery and left ventricular dysfunction Comparison of thallium scintigraphy with reinjection and PET imaging with 18F-fluorodeoxyglucose In patients with chronic coronary artery and left ventricular dysfunction, the distinction between ventricular dysfunction resulting from myocardial fibrosis and ischemic, but viable, myocardial disease has important clinical implications.
3	Between February and July 1989, 22 patients underwent the use of the Stack autoperfusion catheter after acute occlusion or obstructive dissection during coronary angioplasty; in 20 cases, a conventional balloon was used to correct the angiographical aspect followed by the use of Stack catheter when the results were suboptimal; only one patient (4.5%) required surgical revascularization.
3	In order to test the hypothesis that the combined use of the concept of variable elastance over time and conventional relationships of shortening circumferential stress would help to elucidate the differential mechanisms of left ventricular systolic dysfunction in severe and chronic aortic regurgitation and thus predict functional responses to the replacement of the aortic valve, 31 control patients and 37 aortic regurgitation patients were studied.
3	A case of lisinopril-induced lithium toxicity A patient who developed lithium toxicity when lisinopril was substituted for clonidine is described. Possible mechanisms of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE)-induced lithium toxicity are discussed.
4	Inhibition of the converting enzyme of angiotensin I. Chronic aminonucleoside nephrose is variablely associated with tubulo-interstitial lesions, depending on the route and frequency of administration of the drug. Recently, different groups have shown that this harmful tubulo-interstitial process is reversible, coinciding with the resolution of heavy proteinuria at normal values.
0	358 evaluable patients received enhanced remission therapy (teniposide, cytarabine, high-dose methotrexate) added to an induction regimen of four drugs; those receiving complete remission were randomized based on the assignment of the at-risk group to conventional continuation therapy or four pairs of drugs running weekly or every 6 weeks.
4	The effect of almitrin bismesylate on hypoxic pulmonary vasoconstrictor response was studied in six closed-chest dogs anesthetized with pentobarbital and paralyzed with pancuronium. The right lung was continuously ventilated with 100% O2; the left lung was ventilated either with 100% O2 ("hyperoxie") or with a mixture of hypoxic gas ("hypoxia").
1	A number of studies have suggested that nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs may relieve renal colic by a mechanism of action different from that of narcotics, offering the potential advantage of avoiding side effects of narcotics such as altered mental status.
4	Previous studies have suggested that the gamma-aminobutyric acid inhibitor neurotransmitter (GABA) is a key factor in portasystemic encephalopathy syndrome. We report the case of a patient with medically insoluble portasytemic encephalopathy after the portaval hunt that showed clinical improvement after the creation of terminal ileostomy. Plasma GABA and serum ammonia levels were measured before and after ileostomy.
1	One of the most serious complications of laparoscopic tubular sterilization is intestinal burns, although they are often not detected at the time of laparoscopy. Controversy persists as to whether these lesions are caused directly by an operator error or indirectly by a hot oviduct or by an instrument that inadvertently touches and burns the intestine. A study was conducted to determine the potential for direct or indirect intestinal burns using bipolar electrocoagulation in rabbits.
0	The treatment of chronic chromosomal positive myelogenic leukaemia in Philadelphia (CML) with recombinant interferon-alpha (IFN-A) results in a complete disappearance of the Ph chromosome in approximately 10% to 15% of patients in the early chronic phase. This group has a long survival and a very low incidence of blast crisis. The first known case is reported of extramedullary blast transformation in a patient with a complete cytogenetic medullary response (0% Ph).
2	The two main causes of high morbidity and mortality among untreated victims of Russell's viper bite were bleeding and renal failure. This study was an effort to identify prognostic factors and a practical therapeutic approach to the care of these patients.
2	In 560 cases of motor neuron disease, studied retrospectively from their case notes in three educational centres, the age at the beginning ranged from 13 to 87 years (mean of 56 years) and the average duration of the disease until death was 2.6 years. In the sub-group of the progressive bulbal paralysis disease occurring after 59 years, there was a surplus of previously unrecognized women sufficient to equalize the incidence ratio of the disease in this age group.
1	In rats with partial ligature of the portal vein, 95 +/- 0.9% of the splenic blood flow is swept from portal to systemic circulation when an intrasplenic injection of microspheres is used to determine the degree of hunting. Despite this magnitude of portal-systemic hunting, several biochemical and endocrine consequences of portal-systemic hunting occur at levels below what is expected for the level of hunting found.
4	OBJECTIVE--Study changes in haemostasis within three months immediately after discontinuation of the combined contraceptive pill. DESIGN--randomized prospective study. SETTING--Family Planning Centre in London. SUBJECTS--24 women aged 35 to 45 years studied before, during and after six months the use of combined oral contraceptives containing 30 micrograms of ethinyl estradiol with desogestrel or gestodene progestogens.
4	OBJECTIVE: The susceptibility to extrapyramidal syndromes induced by neuroleptics varies considerably, even in the age and sex subgroups. Individual vulnerability to extrapyramidal syndromes was assumed to explain this, but the usefulness of previous history in predicting the future appearance of extrapyramidal syndromes has not been studied in depth. This study was undertaken to determine whether the previous history of extrapyramidal syndrome patients predicts future episodes of extrapyramid syndromes.
3	This multicentre retrospective study examines the role of acute percutaneous coronary angioplasty in the treatment of cardiogenic infarction, which complicates acute myocardial infarction to determine whether early reperfusion affects in-hospital and long-term survival. From 1982 to 1985, 69 patients were treated with emergency angioplasty to attempt infarction-related artery reperfusion.
4	This study included 40 eyes in 22 diabetic patients with focal macular oedema. Laser photocoagulation was directed against decompensated or clinically leaking microvascular lesions without pre-treatment fluorescein angiograms. Post-treatment fluorescein angiograms performed after adequate clinical control of the disease showed complete resolution of macular oedema in 25 eyes (62.5%), while persistent microvascular lesions leaks closer to 500 microns from the centre of the disease.
4	The revision of the scleral loop to treat the recurrent rhegmatogenic retinal detachment. Recurring rhegmatogenic retinal detachment sometimes occurs following an operation of scleral multiple sclerosis in the absence of advanced proliferative vitreoretinopathy (grade C-2 or more). Such detachments can occur because: 1) the scleral loop is not properly positioned under the original rupture; 2) the loop is not high enough; 3) the rupture is elevated out of the loop
2	The cause of abdominal pain should not necessarily lie in the viscera; the abdominal wall is another source of symptoms. Some causes of abdominal pain in the wall are evident, such as hernias, but not others such as nerve trap syndromes.
1	Primary adrenal insufficiency: a new cause of reversible gastric stasis. Primary adrenal insufficiency is known to cause a broad spectrum of upper gastrointestinal symptoms sometimes severe; however, it has not previously been shown to cause reversible gastric stasis. We documented such a case in which symptoms and physiological abnormalities associated with gastric stasis were reversed by steroid replacement. A gastric empty radionuclide follow-up study after replacement of physiological steroids showed a complete normalization of gast emptying.
3	Animal studies have shown that serotonin constricts coronary arteries if endothelium is damaged, but in vitro studies have shown a vasodilator effect on isolated coronary segments with intact endothelium. To study the effect of serotonin in humans, we studied the cross section of the coronary artery and blood flow before and after serotonin infusion.
4	The accuracy of the quantification of the degree of vascular stenosis using Doppler color flow imaging was determined in an experimental study conducted on six stenoses of concentric models and five eccentric models (transverse surface reduction, 13.4%-93.8%). The measurements were made using a pulsatile flow rate at four different flows (70.8-339.0 mL/min). The degree of stenosis was calculated from the presten ratio.
2	The volume conduction of the N20 parietal potential in the frontal prerolandic zone was recorded in frontal and parietal areas in patients with various central nervous system lesions during median nerve stimulation. Five representative cases showing selective loss of positive potential in the frontal zone were reported. In each case, the N20 parietal potential was relatively well preserved, and the median position between frontal and central zones (FC zone) showed negative potential after P14.
3	OBJECTIVE--Study changes in haemostasis within three months immediately after discontinuation of the combined contraceptive pill. DESIGN--randomized prospective study. SETTING--Family Planning Centre in London. SUBJECTS--24 women aged 35 to 45 years studied before, during and after six months the use of combined oral contraceptives containing 30 micrograms of ethinyl estradiol with desogestrel or gestodene progestogens.
0	Two neonates with intracranial teratomas presented with cranial enlargements a few weeks after birth. Both cases underwent surgery: one died intraoperatively; the other was the longest known survivor, living 7 years and 9 months after the subtotal excision of a mature teratoma of the left sylvian crack. The previous operations were relatively few and almost all failed. The size and favorable location may be the most important prognostic characteristics regardless of classification.
2	Gadopentetate dimeglumina was given prospectively to 50 patients with magnetic resonance imaging (MR) within 2 weeks of cortical cerebral infarction. Twenty-two patients (44%) received an image within 3 days of clinical ictus. Anomalies detected with improved gadopentetate dimeglumina were observed in 46 (92%) of the 50 patients.
4	When medical therapy does not relieve pain, surgery may be necessary. The surgeon, however, may be reluctant to operate due to potential complications for the mother and the fetus. From July 1983 to July 1989, hemorrhoidectomy was performed in 25 of the 12,455 pregnant women (0.2 percent) who gave birth in our facility. Twenty-two women were in their third trimester, 80 percent of whom were pregnant.
3	Ten consecutive patients (4 to 44 years of age, mean 22 years of age) underwent surgical repair of Ebstein's abnormality by vertical application of the right ventricle and re-implantation of the leaflets of the tricuspid valve. No patient died during or after the operation. Postbypass intraoperative echocardiography showed good results in nine patients, but severe tricuspid regurgitation in a patient, who subsequently underwent replacement of the prosthetic valve during a second period of cardiology.
4	A small proportion of these ulcers become chronic and are resistant to conventional treatment. Such chronic ulcers have been associated with pain, strict formation and recurrent haemorrhage. The use of omeprazole, a proton pump inhibitor, was examined in the ongoing study in the treatment of 10 patients (6 women, 4 men; age group, 27-86 years) with cirrhosis (PBC)
3	In patients with myocardial disease, or while serum ethanol concentration is increased to high levels, angina, myocardial infarction and arrhythmia can be potentiated. Chronic use of ethanol at moderate doses can be protective against coronary artery disease, despite an increase in hypertension levels.
3	Nalbuphine hydrochloride, an agonist-antagonist opioid, is reported to reverse respiratory depression in moderate doses of fentanyl (20 micrograms.kg-1) and still provides good analgesia. We report four patients with abdominal aortic aneurysm repair in which we tried to reverse respiratory depression in large doses of fentanyl (50-75 micrograms.kg-1) with nalbuphine (0.3 mg.kg-1, 0.1 mg
4	The neurohormonal factors were studied in 10 patients with functional dyspepsia of the normal or slow upper intestine and in 10 healthy controls matched to age and sex. Motility and gastric and gastric transit of the small intestine, the jejunal responses to luminal distension and IM neostigmine, intestinal hormones and vagal and sympathetic functions were studied. The gastric transit of the upper intestine was defined by a gastric emptying slope.
4	Photocoagulation by scatter restores tissue hypoxia in experimental vasoproliferative microangiopathy in miniature pigs. The occlusion of the experimental retinal branch by laser photocoagulation argon in miniature pigs induced the development of ischemic retinal territories associated with preretinal neovascularization. Measures of preretinal partial pressure of oxygen (PO2) in ischaemic territories, using O2-sensitive microelectrodes,
3	The interaction between genetic and environmental factors is important in the physiopathology of hypertension. By examining the effects of two environmental factors - acute psychoemotional stress and dietary sodium intake - in rats with genetic hypertension, a significant influence on central neural mechanisms governing sympathetic neural control of renal function control has been demonstrated.
0	The prenatal diagnosis of the epignath (a teratoma originating from oropharynx) has been reported previously. However, in many of these cases, neonates have succumbed to acute respiratory distress secondary to the obstruction of the respiratory tract at the time of birth. We describe an antepartum diagnosis of the epignath using ultrasonography and magnetic resonance imaging as complementary techniques. The ability to precisely define the foetal anomaly has allowed us to plan a unique strategy for managing the epignath.
3	The morphology of plaques and pathological changes in arteries in patients dying after coronary angioplasty in balloons Morphological correlations of pathological success or failure were investigated at autopsy in 28 patients with 40 coronary arteries who had been subjected to balloon angioplasty. The presence of the following histological characteristics was evaluated: plaque concentricity or eccentricity, calcification, fibrous or fibropultaceous plaque, median disturbance, thrombus
1	The potential of Helicobacter pylori to degrade gastric mucus was examined. H pylori colonies grown from samples of antral mucosal biopsy of patients with non-autoimmune gastritis were washed with sterile saline through a sterilization filter, and filtrate examined for urase, protease, and mucolytic activity. Filtrate did not hydrolyse bovine serum albumin, nor to degrade
3	The objective of this study was to find a set of simplified electrocardiographic pathways (ECGs) that would be useful in cardiac emergencies. In 27 cardiac outpatients and 15 hospital admitted patients, we found that ECG records obtained with six bipolar CR tracks were, in most respects, similar to those previously obtained in the same patients with six V tracks. The records obtained with two abdominal end tracks, tested as possible alternatives to limbs 2 and 3, were quite similar to those obtained with tracks 2 and 3 respectively.
1	In a randomised double-blind trial, hemodynamic events following propranolol (n = 51) or placebo (n = 51) were prospectively studied in cirrhotic patients with esophagal varicose veins. The hepatic venous pressure gradient, heart rate, and varicose vein size were determined at baseline and 3, 12 and 24 months after initiation of treatment.
4	The etiology of acute lower respiratory tract infections in Gambian children: II. Acute lower respiratory tract infections in children aged 1 to 9 who report to hospital. Seventy-four children aged 1 to 9 who were hospitalized due to severe pneumonia were studied using blood cultures, pulmonary aspiration, nasopharyngeal aspiration, serology and antigen detection procedures.
1	The complex events by which digestive zymogens and lysosomal hydrolases are separated from each other and transported differentially into their respective membrane-related intracellular organelles in the pancreas were noted as disturbed during the early stages of several experimental pancreatitis models.
3	In order to determine the effects of left ventricular failure induced by myocardial infarction on the regulation of surface alpha-1 adrenerceptors and signal transduction, large infarctions were produced in rats and animals killed seven days later. After documentation of the altered performance of the left ventricular pump, radioligandic binding studies of the alpha-1, norepine adrenerceptor
2	Myelopathy presents decades after surgery for congenital cervical skin lesions. We report on two patients in whom cervical myelopathy developed decades after surgery for congenital cervical skin lesions. Preoperative magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated the dorsal attachment and cavitation of the cervical cord in the area of the previous surgery and was useful in the decision-making and planning of surgical exploration.
0	A case report. Subscapular elastofibrams and scapulothoracic bursitis can cause symptomatic masses in baseball pitchers. Both processes appear to represent reactive responses of soft tissue to repetitive stress at the lower limit of scapula. It is assumed that most masses in the subscapular zone represent scapulothoracic bursitis rather than elastofibram. However, some of the masses treated with caution such as b
2	We have reported a case of Meige syndrome in a middle-aged man who eventually had cerebellar degeneration syndrome. Extrapyramidal symptoms preceded by 5 years the cerebellar signs and symptoms. Most patients with idiopathic Meige syndrome show some improvement with high-dose anticholinergic treatment. Our patient's lack of response to these agents and subsequent cerebellar symptoms recall the situation in Parkinsonian patients who do not respond to medication, indicating a degenerate disease.
4	Myelodysplastic syndromes are disorders of bone marrow stem cells that result in disordered and ineffective haematopoiesis. They are prognostically heterogenated. About one third of cases progress to acute myeloid leukemia. Many other cases end in severe bone marrow insufficiency. The Franco-American-British classification of myelodysplastic syndromes defines morphological and prognostic groups.
4	To better understand the duration of immunity against respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) and the role of serum antibodies against surface glycoproteins, F and G, in susceptibility to reinfection, 15 adults with a natural infection prior to RSV were confronted with RSV from the same strain group (A) at 2, 4, 8, 14, 20 and 26 months after natural infection.
0	A study was designed to compare various case research procedures in the evaluation of patients with a "atypical" Pap smear. Six hundred and eighty-one consecutive patients were referred to the colposcopy clinic at Denver General Hospital for smear showing signs of atypical nuclear and/or cytoplasmic changes insufficient to warrant cytological diagnosis of dysplasia. A complete colposcopic evaluation with appropriate directed biopsy was performed on all patients.
3	Forty-one patients with chronic venous insufficiency due to obstruction of the venous trunk of the lower limbs underwent 43 procedures for the reconstruction of the flow consisting of either free venous bypass or venous transposition. The symptoms indicating these procedures were (1) progressive chronic edema, (2) walking claudication, or (3) trophic lesions. Doppler ultrasound and plethysmographic techniques were used in the diagnosis while phlebography was considered the most useful and essential technique.
4	Although most antemortem cases involve spread to the bone marrow or spleen, the involvement of P. carinii from other organs has only recently been described.
4	In patients with occlusive aorteiliac disease, interruption of critical collateral circulation during another nonvascular or cardiac operation may threaten the viability of the limbs.
3	A man with intermittent preexcitation in Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome is reported. Once a sinus impulse was blocked in the accessory pathway, the block (i.e., loss of preexcitation) was continued for a period of time until a PP interval reached or exceeded a critical period leading to a sudden re-emergence of preexcitation. This critical period was considerably longer than the effective refractory period of the accessory pathway.
4	Effective doses of epidural morphine to relieve postcholecystectomy pain. Having previously established the effective dose of intrathecal morphine to relieve postcholecystectomy pain, this study determined the effective dose of epidural morphine to relieve postcholecystectomy pain in 154 patients who received epidural injections of placebo (group 1, n = 49), 2 mg morphine (group 2, n = 54), or 4 mg morphine (group 3, n = 51) mixed
4	The authors examined 55 pairs of pulmonary X-rays and calculated tomographic studies (CTs) obtained from 33 recipients of febrile bone marrow transplants (FMDs). The images were read separately, with no clinical diagnosis. Twenty-one episodes of fungal infection were documented. A pulmonary X-ray showed pneumonia-like opacity, and 17 showed nodular opacities, five with cavitation.
4	The treatment of aggressive keratoacanthomes by radiotherapy. Keratoacanthomes are rarely treated by radiotherapy. However, keratoacanthomes which are recurrent after surgical excision or whose resection would lead to cosmetic deformation may benefit from radiotherapy. Between January 1970 and June 1988, 29 of these keratoacanthomes in 18 patients were irradiated. Doses ranged from 3500 cGy in 15 fractions to 5600 cGy in 28 fractions.
2	This study shows that LH surge cycles in IVF patients were associated with serum LRP concentrations significantly higher than those in which spontaneous LH surge did not occur. Our results support the hypothesis of concomitant release of LH and LRP at the time of intermediate-cycle gonadotropin surge, as well as that of sensitization to intermediate-cycle oestrogens.
3	A major limitation on the effective treatment of intrinsic mass lesions of the brain stem was the inability to clearly define the radiographic pathological anatomy. Improvements in the soft tissue resolution offered by magnetic resonance imaging, compared to the calculated axial tomography, now allow not only to accurately distinguish anatomical relationships, but also to predict the pathological nature of the lesion. As a result, we were encouraged to pursue a more aggressive approach to intrinsic brain stem lesions that appear to be well circumscribed on imaging by
2	For lesions confined to the optic nerves, long-term survival is excellent, but with the involvement of chiasm and especially hypothalamus or third ventricle, the prognosis falls significantly. For this group, no form of therapy has proved to be of any benefit.
3	The estimated cost of renal replacement therapy for this population now exceeds $750 million. The relatively recent awareness that half of these people suffer from non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus has raised interest in attempts to understand the pathological processes involved and how they may be similar or different from the changes observed in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
4	Two cases of AUC in adults with sickle cell heterozygote (cell thalassemia and hemoglobin C sickle cell disease) were studied with the use of Duplex Ultrasound Dopp.
0	Patients with disseminated intraperitoneal malignant neoplasms received dimematoporphyrin ethers intravenously 48 to 72 hours prior to laparotomy at doses of 1.5 to 3.0 mg/kg. At the operation, as many tumours as possible were resealed. Red light (630 nm) was delivered to all peritoneal surfaces from an argon pumped dye laser at doses ranging from 0.2 to 3.0 J
4	In a retrospective study of 1,195 survivors of non-hospital ventricular fibrillation, 43 patients were identified with a left ventricular ejection fraction greater than or equal to 0.50 and with no coronary stenosis greater than or equal to 50% of the light present. Thirteen (30%) of these patients had hypokinesia.
2	A case is presented of a child with vertebral artery trauma resulting from a stroke. The results of computerized tomographic analysis and angiography are presented. Despite two transient episodes of dizziness, the child had a good functional recovery with complete restoration of language and cognitive function. After 28 months, the identified residual deficiencies were mild ataxia and hemiparesis on the right side.
3	A study of biopsy samples in children with congenital heart disease. The characteristics of beta-adrenoceptors were analyzed using radioligand binding techniques with 3H-dihydroalprenolol in lung samples of 11 children with pulmonary hypertension (median age, 3 years) during surgical repair of congenital cardiac abnormalities and four paediatric control subjects (median age, 5 years) during thoracotomy for the elimination of neoplasms or cysts.
3	Results of transcutaneous coronary angioplasty in patients over 65 years of age or over 65 years of age (1985 to 1986 in the Coronary Coronary Angioplasty Registry of the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute) The series of 1,801 initial procedures of the Transcutaneous Coronary Angioplasty Registry of the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute from 1985 to 1986 included 486 patients over 65 years of age or over 65 years of age (
4	XXIII. The deleterious effects of simulated thrombolysis prior to simulated coronary artery bypass surgery with controlled cardioplegic reperfusion in the blood. This study tests if simulated thrombolysis prior to controlled reperfusion (i.e. simulated coronary artery bypass surgery) causes reperfusion lesions that obtain the benefits of subsequent controlled reperfusion and result in unnecessary ventricular arrhythmias.
2	The symptomatic supragenic lesions in multiple sclerosis, expressed in lack of visual field, are uncommon. The present case developed a bilateral homonymous defect as an initial and unique symptom of the disease. It was confirmed by nuclear magnetic resonance imaging, which revealed large demyelinating zones in the two optical nerve radiations. The mode of appearance, perimetric results and the unusual presentation of this condition are briefly discussed.
4	Insulin-like growth factor (IGF) binding proteins induce resistance to IGF-1 in cultured fibroblasts of a short-sized patient. Insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I-stimulated alpha-aminoisobutyric acid (IBA) ED50 (mean +/- SD) in cultured fibroblasts of a short-sized child reported (1.40 +/- 0.24 nM), is significantly higher than ED50
0	The distribution of factor XIIIa-positive dermal dendritic cells was studied in a series of nodular malignant melanomas and compared to that observed in Spitz naevi. Two distribution models were recognizable: (a) propagating diffusely through the tumour and (b) mainly at the periphery of the tumour.
4	In a series of 52 patients who received cochlear implants, 4 patients experienced complications of the component (7.7%). The problems encountered involved the postauricular component and were generally of a minor nature. No need for explantation as a direct consequence of these complications. Flask ischemia in a patient with Cogan syndrome and vasculitis, two cases of suture extrusion with implant exposure, and one case of magnetic extrusion of the receptor unit repaired with a vascular pericranial component based on
4	The result was compared retrospectively with that of 119 patients who were operated with a microsurgical discotectomy technique developed in Homburg/Saar, Federal Republic of Germany by the main author (W.C.). All patients in this consecutive series had a "virgin" lumbar radiculopathy evaluated and operated by two surgeons experienced in one facility.
4	The human papillomavirus type 16 (HPV 16) was associated with a variety of squamous carcinomas, particularly those involving anogenous tractus. The development of an oropharyngeal carcinoma was reported in a 43-year-old man approximately 20 months after cardiac transplantation when he was on a maintenance regimen for cyclosporin A and prednisone. Carcinoma was resistant to treatment and died from metastatic complications.
0	· Monoclonal anti-idiotype antibodies were generated against a human IgM monoclonal antibody (L612) that recognizes GM3 ganglioside on human melanoma. The murine anti-idiotype antibodies that bind specifically to L612 were selected using an enzymatic immunosorbent test using L612 and three negative human control IgMs, including monoclonal and anti-GD2 anti-GM2 antibodies, as well as purified serum IgMs, as antigen.
0	In the presence of 0.4 microM Ca2+ free, the Km for ATP is 15 microM and the Km for Mg2+ is 4 microM. Glucose (30 mM) decreases Ca2+ absorption by 50%, while other insulins
1	The effects of aging on the mechanism of ingestion. Normal ingestion involves a number of closely coordinated neuromuscular events. Researchers have identified some small temporal changes in the ingestion of older adults compared to young adults. Further research is needed to fully define the primary effects of aging on swallowing. Many medical conditions that generally affect the elderly can cause dysphagia.
3	A blood-liquid interface for prolonged extracorporeal oxygenation with excellent antithrombogenicity. The authors verified the excellent antithrombogenicity of a blood-liquid interface (BLI) and introduced an oxygenator based on the principle of gas exchange through the direct BLI. In a newly developed oxygenator, three layers of liquid flow horizontally, touching: saturated silicone oil O2 on the top, saturated fluorcarbon O2 on the bottom and blood on the middle. L
2	As Dunwoody said, "There are few things we do for patients that are more fundamental to quality of life than to relieve pain."We, orthopaedic nurses, are able to contribute to positive pain management using a comprehensive approach to pain management that involves patient involvement. We need to believe the patient's pain, try new approaches and help our patients get pain relief.
3	The clinical and electrophysiological characteristics of ventricular tachycardia in children with a normal heart were analyzed. The characteristics of 18 patients with clinical ventricular tachycardia (TV) and normal hearts were documented by physical examination, echocardiography, and angiocardiography. There were 13 men and 5 women, aged 1 to 16 years (mean +/- SD, 9.7 +/- 4.8 years).
0	Endobronchial metastases may show clinical symptoms and results of X-rays imitating a central bronchogenic carcinoma. The authors recently encountered a case of endobronchial metastases from a mucous prostate adenocarcinoma that was initially diagnosed as a primary bronchogenic carcinoma. The correct diagnosis was based on morphological similarities between primary prostate injury and pulmonary injury and was corroborated by immunohis
3	A broken aneurysm of Valsalva's sinus was diagnosed with Doppler, colour and cross-sectional echocardiography in a series of seven consecutive patients. Diagnosis was confirmed during a cardiac catheterization-free operation. Doppler's pulsed and continuous echocardiography examination showed continuous turbulence in six patients with ruptured aneurysm in the right ventricular tube and in the patient
4	The series recording of 45 low-risk fetuses in the second and third trimesters showed that hiccups were the predominant diaphragmatic movement prior to gestational age of 26 weeks and that there was a significant negative correlation with gestational age. There was a pronounced reduction between 24 and 26 weeks, which is the result of a decrease in the number of hiccups rather than a change in the duration of episodes.
4	In a prospective study of 31 subtrochanteric fractures treated with Grosse-Kempf nails with a follow-up period of at least one year, there was a union rate of 87.1% (27/31) and a union period of 4.2 +/- 1.8 months. The knee movement interval in 28 acute traumatic cases was on average 127.5 +/- 23.0 degrees. Significant complications included: nail rupture, 3.2% (1/31); non-union without nail rupture, 9.7% (3/31); neglected
3	We report a case of coronary angioplasty of a left anterior descending arterial injury complicated by the rupture of three catheters of successive balloons. Each rupture occurred as a jet of contrast pinhole in a lateral diagonal branch, causing sub-intimal coloration. This case demonstrates that balloon rupture may result from the morphology of the lesion.
3	Forty patients with a complete atrioventricular canal (CAVC) underwent primary repairs at the Children's Hospital in Fukuoka, Japan, between 1 August 1981 and 31 July 1989. The age of repair ranged from 2 months to 6 years (mean of 19 months); the weight ranged from 2.3 to 22 kg. The surgical mortality was 2.5%. The justification for early primary repairs was examined. Eleven patients underwent repairs before the age of 6 months (group 1), 12 patients between 7 and 11 months (group 2), and
0	The most effective agent, BCNU (carmustin), has considerable systemic toxicity and a short half-life in serum. To avoid these problems, a method has been developed for sustained local release of chemotherapeutic agents by their incorporation into biodegradable polymers. The implantation of the drug-impregnated polymer at the tumour site allows for prolonged local exposure with minimal systemic exposure. In this Phase I-II study,
3	A catastrophic thrombosis of porcine aortic bioprostheses. Hemodynamically critical thrombotic stenosis of porcine bioprosthetic valves in the aortic position without thrombotic predisposition is rare. Two patients in our facility have suddenly demonstrated thrombotic stenosis of porcine bioprosthetic valves in the aortic position within 3 months of implantation without apparent predisposing factors. Clinicians should consider this rare but catastrophic complication in the appropriate setting.
3	To assess the effects of standing on the induction of paroxysmic supraventricular tachycardia, electrophysiological studies were performed both in supin and standing positions in 22 patients with reciprocal atrioventricular tachycardia (AV) and 11 patients with re-entering AV- node tachycardia.
4	Amenorrhoea. Amenorrhea, the absence of menstruation, is a gynaecological disorder that can come from various causes. If a logical and orderly pattern is followed, the correct diagnosis and appropriate management plan can be formulated.
2	Of these, 12 patients developed visual acuity of no light perception during the first episode of optical neuritis in the affected eye. Eight of the 12 patients recovered visual acuity of 20/40 or better. Five of them had visual acuity of 20/20 or better, one had visual acuity of 20/25, one had visual acuity of 20/30 and one had visual acuity of 20/20.
0	Intravenous urography and retrograde pyelography are the main radiological studies to detect ureteral carcinoma, but provide limited information on the stage of the disease. Tomography (CT) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) delimit the extent of ureteral carcinomas with a high degree of accuracy by describing periuteral fat and the presence or absence of lymphadenopathy. In some cases, CT and MRI are useful in assessing the presence or absence of tumours in the
4	The introduction of antibiotic prophylaxis for caesarean administration reduced the risk of postpartum endometritis and wound infection, but the factors contributing to the failure of prophylaxis are not understood. To determine the factors that could contribute to postpartum infections following antibiotic prophylaxis, we have grown samples of amniotic fluid, decidua and chorioamniotic membrane for anaerobic and optional bacteria and mycop
1	Gastrointestinal motility is the function of the gastrointestinal smooth muscle. It is controlled both by the intrinsic and extrinsic nerves of the gastrointestinal tract and, to a lesser extent, by gastrointestinal hormones. Therefore, any anomalies of the above factors, theoretically, can cause gastrointestinal dysmotility. In a clinical situation, generally seen is gastrointestinal dysmotility caused by smooth muscle or dysfunction of the intrinsic and extrinsic nerves.
0	For a decade, the authors have experimented with the treatment of non-resectable adult soft tissue and bone sarcomas. Over the past six years, they have combined hyperfractionated radiotherapy with intravenous iododeoxyuridine as a radiosensitizer in diets designed to minimize toxicity and allow the administration of aggressive radiotherapy.
0	718 women who had undergone breast biopsy for suspected mammographic and mammographic lesions were prospectively studied to identify the main clinical risk factors, as well as the roentgenic characteristics associated with the development of early breast carcinoma. Patients with mild outcomes were 55 years of age compared to 63 years of age in patients with breast carcinoma. Seventy-six percent of these patients had no history of breast problems, 20 percent had no history of breast problems.
2	Richner-Hanhart syndrome. Electronic microscopic study of skin injury. Plantar hyperkeratotic skin injury in a case of Richner-Hanhart syndrome was studied using an ultrastructural examination. Light microscopic examination showed remarkable hyperkeratosis and some aberrant keratinocytes with multiple nuclei.
3	Frequency, prediction, clinical course, management and follow-up [the published error appears in Circulation 1991 Jul;84(1):446] BACKGROUND. The occlusion of the acute coronary artery after percutaneous coronary angioplasty (ACTP) remains a serious complication despite a significant improvement in operator performance and technological progress. This retrospective study was conducted to determine the frequency, predictive variables, management and outcome of the acute coronary artery.
0	Between January 1982 and April 1989, 134 patients with suspected liver neoplasm were referred to the liver unit, Queen Elizabeth Hospital, Birmingham. In 105 (78%), a primary liver neoplasm was confirmed histologically, and 47 patients (45%) had primary hepatocellular carcinoma. Twenty-nine orthotopic liver transplants were performed in 28 of these patients (27%). Twenty patients (71%) survived 30 days or more (medianly 11.5 months; interval 2-87 months), of which nine were
4	In 81 subsequent studies of Doppler, foetus colour flux imaging (FAS) was used gradually for gestation age, and mean blood velocity was significantly higher than the respective reference intervals with gestation. Fetal blood sampling by cordocentesis was performed in all GAS fetuses and a significant quadratic relationship was found between fetal hypoxemia.
0	The performance of the pancreaticoduodenectomy by Whipple in 1935 showed that the operation was technically feasible and compatible with a reasonable function after recovery. From the mid to late 1940s to the last 10 years, the procedure was condemned by many due to its associated mortality and morbidity. For reasons that are not clear, the risk of pancreaticoduodenectomy in the last 10 years has fallen to less than 10% and in several centres, less than 5%. Postoperative complications have been reduced and blood transfusions have been reduced.
3	A variant of hepatorenal syndrome occurring in patients with chronic congestive heart failure following an episode of cardiogenic pulmonary oedema, and in the absence of hypotension, is described. This was observed in 13 patients over a period of 11 years. The clinical picture is characterized by liver injury and functional renal failure.
4	Pseudomonas otitis externa is one of the most common infections treated with otolaryngologists. Induced infections in 30 guinea pigs appear to be similar to those observed in humans. Ears were then placed in four treatment groups: group A, which received a single cleanup; group B, which received a single cleanup followed by gouts of gentamicin 4 times a day; group C, which received a single cleanup followed by a single gentamicin.
4	The treatment of renal carcinoma with extracorporeal partial nephrectomy and self-transplantation with splenic vascular anastomosis is presented. The patient was treated with partial nephrectomy and self-transplantation with splenic arterial and venous anastomosis. The potential for reduction of operational morbidity relative to self-transplantation to the iliac fossa is discussed.
4	In patients with concomitant injuries or life-threatening complications that prevent safe and successful aortic reconstruction, pharmacological intervention to reduce the risk of free aortic rupture may be considered. Surgical reconstruction can then be carried out more safely under controlled and optional circumstances.
1	Cholangiocarcinoma is more likely to develop in patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. Our objective was to describe the clinical presentation, conduct and management of patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis and to estimate the prevalence of primary sclerosing cholangitis in patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis. Retrospective analysis was performed in 30 patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis and sclerosing cholangitis.
4	We compared blood loss, morbidity and mortality in 27 patients with PS shunts and 147 patients without Shunts (NS) who had HT. The PS shunt group included 12 portocavales (PC), 8 mesocavals, 4 central splenorenes and 4 distal splenores.
2	We performed unimproved tomographic analyses of 141 asymptomatic patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation. Thirty-six patients (26%) had hypodense zones compatible with cerebral infarction, the majority of which were small deep infarctions, observed in 29 patients (21%), but 13 patients (9%) had cortical or deep infarctions. Twelve patients had more than one infarction in the air.
4	The role of endoscopic sclerotherapy in the management of haemorrhagic peristoma varicose veins. Peristoma varicose veins usually occur in patients with enterostomy who develop portal hypertension, and are a cause of recurrent or insoluble gastrointestinal bleeding. Treatment options for these bleedings include surgical ligature of varicose veins, revision of stomata with devascularization, injection sclerotherapy, portaval hunting or liver transplantation.
3	A 47-kDa human nuclear protein recognized by an autoimmune antikinetochore serum is homologous to the RCC1 encoded protein, a gene involved in the development of chromosomal condensation. Several autoimmune serums from patients with Raynaud phenomenon decorated mammalian kinetochores and were bound to a 47-kDa protein on nuclear lysate immunoblots.
0	The secretion of growth hormone (GH) during insulin-induced hypoglycaemia was evaluated 133 times in 82 survivors of childhood malignant disease, all of whom received cranial irradiation with a dose range of 27 to 47.5 Gy (estimated by a schedule of 16 fractions over 3 weeks) and were tested one or more times between 0.2 and 18.9 years after treatment. The results of one-third of the GH tests were defined as normal (maximum response of GH, greater than 15 m).
2	The ulcerative colitis and giant arteritis associated with sensory deafness Sensory deafness is rarely associated with both ulcerative colitis and giant arteritis. A patient is described in whom acute sensory deafness has occurred in association with episcleritis, ulcerative colitis, and clinical characteristics suggesting giant arteritis.
1	A tomographic scan (CT) of a mid-aged man injured in a high-speed motor vehicle accident demonstrated the presence of portal venous gas. The results on the initial peritoneal washing were completely negative. An exploratory coelotomy carried out due to the increase in abdominal pain and leucocytosis revealed the gangrene of the cecum. This report illustrates the importance of the discovery of venous gas portal on the scanner in patients with blunt abdominal trauma.
2	This ratio shows that particulate calcium can reduce the relaxation times of T1 by a surface relaxation mechanism. Calcium particles with a larger surface area show greater relaxation of T1. Decreasing proton density and reducing T2 tend to decrease signal intensity, but the reduction of T1 increases signal intensity. Thus, for calcium particle concentrations up to 30% by weight, signal intensity on weighted normalized images of T1 increases but decreases thereafter.
0	Several examples of implementation in a health care organization (HMO) are given, including influenza immunization and follow-up of positive screening tests for colorectal and cervical cancer. Each implementation effort required the development of systems that are automated in this HMO. Several issues that affect implementation are discussed, including resource constraints and priorities for the allocation of new resources.
0	CD11c (LEU-M5) characterizes a chronic lymphoproliferative disorder of B lymphocytes with characteristics of chronic lymphocyte leukemia and hair cell leukemia. Chronic lymphocyte leukaemia (CLL) and hair cell leukaemia (HCL) are two common chronic lymphoproliferative disorders, each with characteristic clinical, morphological and immunological characteristics.
4	The assessment of the pre-S system (pre-S(1)Ag/pre-S(2)Ab) in hepatitis B virus infection. The diagnostic and prognostic value of pre-S(1)Ag and pre-S(2)Ab has been studied in 69 HBsAg--14 surface antigen positive patients with acute hepatitis B, 30 with chronic liver disease (six chronic persistent hepatitis, 14 chronic hepatitis active, 10 with cirrhosis) and 25 asymptomatic carriers.
3	The echocardiographic recording of the movement of the atrioventricular plan (AV) during the cardiac cycle was used to assess the overall function of the left ventricular (LV) in congestive heart failure (CCF) patients. The study population included 70 chronic CHF patients (NYHA III and IV functional groups) following dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM) or myocardial infarction (MI) and 35 healthy age-matched subjects.
0	Cholangiocarcinoma. Cholangiocarcinoma diagnosis can now be done more quickly and accurately. In the clinical setting of obstructive jaundice, a scanner or sonogram can suggest a cholangiocarcinoma if dilated intrahepatic channels are observed with an undilated extrahepatic biliary tree. The diagnosis is confirmed by cholangiography, and the tumor is staged by the combination of cholangiography and angiography. If the tumor largely involves both lobe
0	The role of laparoscopy in the evaluation of patients suspected of hepatic or peritoneal malignancy The purpose of this study was to determine the role of laparoscopy in patients suspected of hepatic or peritoneal malignancy and a normal computerized tomography (CT). Twenty-five consecutive patients with normal liver and no peritoneal lesions on CT were evaluated.
3	The role of calcium blockers in the treatment of essential hypertension. Calcic blockers, originally developed for the treatment of angina and supraventricular arrhythmias, have been shown to effectively lower blood pressure in hypertensive patients. Verapamil, nifedipine and diltiazem represent prototype compounds for unique chemical classes with different pharmacological properties. These drugs lower blood pressure elevation with efficacy comparable to other commonly used antihypertensive agents.
2	The problem with this approach is that the results of such assumptions often lead to conclusions on the production and control of movements that do not relate to the control requirements imposed on the central nervous system. In order to really understand how the central nervous system plans and produces movements to meet environmental requirements, we must take into account the many variations available in the body. The objective of this article is to examine two systems of movement that have the potential
3	A prognostic notation system for myocardial infarction for patients treated in a coronary care unit is described. The prognostic significance of 22 variables, all available for admission, was analyzed. A prognostic index was then constructed by a modified step-by-step logistic regression analysis technique. The variables used in the notation system were the hemodynamic Killip class, infarct location, and the maximum elevation of the ST segment into a single track. The notation system was validated in an independent group of patients.
0	To our knowledge, calcification of the transient cell carcinoma of the bladder preventing transurethral resection has not been reported previously. We report a case of initially unresectable radiopaque bladder tumor and discuss successful and conservative management with continuous irrigation of the bladder with hemiacidrin followed by a complete transurethral resection.
1	1. The effects of angiotensin II on glomerular filtration rate and renal plasma flow were studied in surgically-instrued conscious and cirrhotic control rats, and binding to angiotensin II and contractile response to angiotensin II were studied in glomeruli isolated from control and cirrhotic rats.
3	According to the hemodynamic theory, a new non-invasive method is developed to better understand the importance of Doppler's left ventricular ejection variables in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy. The net force (F) associated with intraventricular flow during ejection can be written as follows: F = A.dv/dt + B.v2, where v is ejection rate and A and B are variables related to the geometry of the ventricle and its
4	A survey was conducted to determine whether tactile sensitivity was affected by anterolateral cordotomy. There were 65 patients who had corotomy for painful forms of cancer. Thirty-eight had an obituary examination with a histological study of the spinal cord. No form of mechanoreception was removed in any of the 65 patients and, in the majority of cases, no form of tactile sensitivity was altered by the division of the pathways in the anterolateral and anterior columns.
1	The effect of the administration of ursodeoxycholic acid and the dissolution of the gallbladder The gallbladder motility was evaluated by ultrasonography in 75 patients with cholesterol gallbladder and 77 matched control subjects. All 75 patients with gallbladder were candidates for oral biliary acid (radiolucid biliary pool less than 2 cm in diameter in a well opacified gallbladder) and 38 d
3	The effects of indomethacin and beta-sympathomimetic agent on the fetal arterial canal during the treatment of premature labour: a randomised double-blind study To study the effect of maternal treatment of indomethacin or nylidrin hydrochloride on the fetal arterial canal and the pulmonary artery, 27 women with threatened premature work between 24 and 34 weeks of gestation were studied by echocardiography.
0	The results showed insignificant contamination of the equipment, but a surprisingly significant reduction in the biological half-life of 131I due to the effective extraction of dialysis. The data indicate that 131I removal can be performed safely and easily during dialysis, but that much higher doses of 131I should be used to obtain results equivalent to those obtained in patients with normal renal function.
3	The effects of repeated temporary cut-off of the average cerebral artery on arterial diameter, regional cerebral blood flow, and cerebral structure in cats. Temporary cut-off of the main arterial trunk is an important manoeuvre to control excessive unexpected bleeding in neurosurgical operations; however, repeated temporary cut-off may result in severe neurological deficits after surgery. This study was conducted to confirm and explain these clinical results.
0	Treatment of relapsed non-Hodgkin lymphomas with dexamethasone, high-dose cytarabine and cisplatin prior to bone transplantation. Combined chemotherapy is capable of curing many patients with newly diagnosed intermediate and high-level non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL), but treatment of relapsed NHL remains problematic. Bone bone marrow transplantation (BMT) offers the best chance of disease-free survival, but intermediate chemotherapy is often required pending TBG,
3	Acute pulmonary lesions characterized by increased microvascular permeability are one of the characteristics of the failure of the multi-organ system and of adult respiratory distress syndrome. Ischemic intestinal-perfusion lesions were related to this type of acute pulmonary lesions. The objective of these experiments was to examine the pathogens that bind the two processes, with particular emphasis on the roles of endotoxin and alpha tumour necrosis factor ( alpha TNF).
3	sufficient data are available to recommend the use of high-resolution or medium-signal electrocardiogram in patients recovering from myocardial infarction without branch block to help determine their risk of developing prolonged ventricular tachyarrhythmias. However, no data are available on the extent to which pharmacological or nonpharmacologic data are available.
0	Eighty-five women with vulva squamous cell carcinoma were subjected to radical vulvectomy with bilateral dissection of the inguinal and femoral ganglions or to radical vulvectomy with bilateral dissection of the deep inguinofemoral and pelvic ganglions.
4	Previous work has established the existence of a pathophysiological environment in the inflamed human joint, capable of supporting a hypoxic-perfusion event. Using four different test systems (two stallions and two new ones) applied to the synovial fluid for the evaluation of lipid peroxidation, a series of studies demonstrate that inflamed human knee exercise promotes lipid peroxidation within the joint.
0	The differential effects of the stimulation of CR1 (CD35) and CR2 (CD21) complement receptors on cell proliferation and intracellular mobilization of Ca2+ in chronic lymphocyte cells B. The regulatory role of CR1 and CR2 cells in the activation and proliferation of B cells was studied using B cells in patients with chronic lymphocyte leukemia.
0	A 22-year-old man experienced multiple erythematous, pyrexia, and epistaxis skin lesions. An acute lymphoblastic leukemia (C-ALL) diagnosis was performed by morphological, cytochemical, immunological, and cytogenetic examination of peripheral blood and bone marrow. The skin biopsy revealed leukemic infiltration by similar cells.
3	In the past 35 years, only 69 patients have been reported. With increasing clinical awareness, as well as the use of PDEs, confirmation of their clinical diagnosis has become easier and more accurate without resorting to invasive cardiac studies as in the past. For this reason, it is becoming increasingly clear that IPVR is not as rare as has been suggested in the past. IPVR is more common in men than in men.
3	The patients in this study were evaluated by coronary angiography due to classical exercise angina and a positive exercise test. 320 of these patients had untreated primary hypertension and 320, similar distribution by age and sex, were normotensive. In all patients, coronary angiography showed that at least one major epicardial branch was limited by 50% or more.
4	The plasma measurement potential of D-dimer (DD), a specific derivative of crosslinked fibrin, for the diagnosis or exclusion of pulmonary embolism, has been studied in a prospective series of 171 consecutive patients who attended an emergency department with suspected pulmonary embolism. The diagnosis was performed or excluded through a clinical decision-making process including clinical assessment, pulmonary ventilation infusion analysis (VQ) and, as indicated, pulmonary angiography, venography or non-invasive analysis.
2	· Transient ischemic seizures and small vessel disease were studied. Dutch study group TIA Stories and Tomograms calculated in 606 patients with transient brain ischemia. All symptoms and signs had completely resolved within 24 hours, and all episodes suggesting posterior fossa ischemia were excluded.
4	The administration of puromycin aminonucleoside (PAN) to rats causes nephrotic syndrome associated with an acute decline in renal function and interstitial infiltrate. We examined whether essential fatty acid deficiency (FAD), which inhibits the infiltration of macrophages into glomerulonephritis, affects PAN-induced renal dysfunction. Control rats and EFAD developed proteinuria that resolved more than 28 days.
4	This study examined the course of alcoholism in a sample of patients who were followed 2 years and 10 years later after an episode of residential index treatment. Alcoholic patients were 9.5 times more likely to die than matched community controls in the 8-year interval between follow-ups, a significantly higher ratio than in previous studies. Of 83 surviving and successfully following patients, 57% were classified as being re-followed by 10 years.
3	The technique described here, a modification of the Aubert operation, avoids coronary re-implantation and also eliminates the need to use artificial materials to transfer coronary circulation.
4	Based on our results, changes in wall shear stress, not blood flow, were the main hemodynamic factor associated with the intimal hyperplasia of autologous vein transplants, and the effect of variation in wall shear stress on sequential ultrastructural changes in intimal hyperplasia of arterial autovein grafts was further investigated using canine models.
0	With greater availability and practical understanding of the principles of use, MRI will continue to replace EC and the U.S. in the area of paediatric neuroimaging, just as it has had an impact on more invasive modalities. In general, the U.S. remains the preferred procedure for screening fetal and childhood CNS abnormalities, and EC continues to be the primary screening modality beyond childhood and especially for acute and emerging presentations. MRI has now emerged as a key option for screening for fetal and childhood CNS disorders.
4	To test this hypothesis, 15 long-term smokers without known coronary disease abstained from smoking for 12 hours, after which they underwent AECG before, 15 minutes after, and 30 minutes after smoking two cigarettes.
3	· Percutaneous angioscopy during coronary angioplasty using an orientable microangioscope. The feasibility of using a flexible orientable angioscope to perform coronary angioscopy before and after analysis of percutaneous coronary angioplasty. The microangioscope is part of a 8F coronary angioplasty guidance catheter and contains a multifibre observation beam incorporated into the body d
0	We treated 185 patients with non-small cell lung cancer aged 70 years or older surgically. The operational mortality rate was 3% and the 5-year survival rate was 48%. Mortality and prognosis were similar to those of younger patients. The number of elderly patients who smoked strongly or had ventilatory defects was high, but the incidence of pneumonectomy was low. There were no age-based differences in histological type, TNM classification, and curability.
2	Since the early days of neurology, the classification of epileptic seizures in those generalized from the beginning and those with determinable location in the cortex from the beginning has added to the knowledge on the function of the nervous system. Further development of the classification of epileptic seizures in those located in the six-layer isocortex and those whose development involves regions of the brain involved in consciousness and memory has provided the basic orientation for the flourishing subspecialty of epilepsy surgery.
3	A seventy-seven-year-old woman, with mitral stenosis, presented with cardiomegaly evident on her chest roentgenogram. Cardiac enlargement was due to a left giant atrium that distorted cardiac structures. An echocardiogram and a first-pass nuclear angiogram were able to delimit the huge left atrium.
0	The prognostic effect of c-myc oncogene overexpression was evaluated in a multivariate analysis of 93 patients with invasive cervical carcinoma, stage Ib, IIa, and proximal IIb. Treatment was based on the combination of brachytherapy-colpohysterectomy and lymphadenectomy. Analysis of c-myc gene expression was performed using the north and slit b
4	The role of a critical care unit in an epidemic is well established: 52 children with acute gastroenteritis and 22 children with acute paralytic poliomyelitis in recent epidemics are being addressed, and solutions to the critical care problems of these 74 victims (out of a total of 6197 patients admitted during epidemics) are being discussed.
2	Nelson's syndrome is generally considered an unusual sequela of primary bilateral adrenalectomy when practiced for Cushing's disease. It is classically defined by dermal hyperpigmentation, significantly elevated levels of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and enlarged turcica sella. In this report, we present three cases initially treated by exploration of transsphenoidal salt for Cushing's disease. In two of these cases, the remission of hypercortisolism did not
0	The distinctive features of this disorder at the time of diagnosis include co-existing leukopenia with granulated dysplastic promyelocytes, disseminated intravascular coagulopathy, lack of Ia antigen (HLA-DR) expression, and translocation between long arms of chromosomes 15 and 17 (t[15;17]).
0	urinary continence following anatomical approach to radical prostatectomy was evaluated in 593 consecutive patients, of whom 547 (92%) achieved complete urinary control. Stress incontinence was present in 46 patients (8%), of whom 34 (6%) had 1 or less swabs per day and 2 (0.3%) required the placement of an artificial sphincter. No patients were completely incontinent.
4	A total of 71 patients who experienced acute asthma in the emergency room were evaluated to determine the relationship between common clinical signs and measurements of spirometric and transcutaneous oxygen saturation (SaO2). Prior to treatment, a physical examination was performed, an assigned clinical score and lung function and SaO2 were measured, although forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) and SaO2 were strongly correlated with clinical score.
4	XX. Reperfused composition: adverse effects of initial assanguinated cardioplegic washing after acute coronary occlusion. This study tests whether the initial assanguinated washing of potentially toxic substances that accumulate during ischemia improves the recovery produced by the cardioplegic blood reperfusion and evaluates the role of plasma in relation to total blood cardioplegia. METHODS: Twenty-four dogs underwent 2 hours occlusion of the left anterior coronary artery and 20 minutes of blood cardioplegic reactivity.
0	Renal ultrasonography was performed in 45,905 adults, including 41,364 with no signs suggesting malignancies in the urinary tract, 1,667 with microscopic haematuria only and 2,874 with signs of malignancy. Renal lesions were observed in 355 adults (0.858 %) in asymptomatic, 39 (2.3%) in microscopic haematuria and 75 (2.6%) in symptomatic groups, respectively.
2	A multicentre retrospective study was conducted on the characteristics and course of gravis myasthenia (MG) in Italy. Data from 1152 patients, fairly representative of the myasthenic population in search of medical advice, were analyzed to determine diagnostic criteria, clinical aspects and therapeutic approaches. The average follow-up was 4.9 years. The disease was properly diagnosed within 2 years of onset in 80% of cases.
0	The purpose of this study was to define the natural history of renal failure in obstructive jaundice due to cholangiocarcinoma, which is a major health problem in northeastern Thailand. Sixty-four patients out of a total of 130 patients with cholangiocarcinoma secondary obstructive jaundice who developed acute renal failure were retrospectively studied.
3	A multicentre study of doxazosin in the treatment of patients with mild or moderate essential hypertension and concomitant intermittent claudication evaluated the efficacy and safety of doxazosin once daily in the treatment of patients (n = 19) with mild or moderate essential hypertension (diastolic sitting blood pressure (PDB) of 95 to 114 mm Hg) and concomitant intermittent claudication (ankle to arm ratio of less than 0.80 and walking tolerance of less than 700 m on the treadmill).
4	Interleukin-2 (IL-2) produces toxicity characterized by a generalized edema within 24 hours. This study tests whether the rate of administration of IL-2 modulates the onset of oedema and examines thromboxane (Tx) and neutrophils as possible mediators of this event. IL-2, 10(5) U (n = 7), 10(6) U (n = 9) or recombinant human vehicle (n = 8) was administered to anesthetic.
1	In healthy volunteers (n = 144), VIP concentrations ranged from 14 to 76 pg/mL (mean +/- SE, 28 +/- 12), while in chronic renal failure, 4 to 34 patients or 12%
1	Three of these cases were successfully treated with methotrexate and the citrovorum recovery factor. All three patients experienced mild lower abdominal pain for a maximum of 36 hours; no other adverse effects were noted. More experience of this treatment will be required before subsequent fertility rates can be determined.
3	The effect of continuous drainage of cerebrospinal fluid in patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage: a retrospective analysis of 108 patients The effects of continuous drainage of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) on vasospasm and hydrocephalus were retrospectively analysed in 108 patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage (SAH) who were operated on broken aneurysms within 48 hours of onset.
2	A patient with acute transverse myelopathy (ATM) was subjected to serial magnetic resonance imaging (SMR) studies before and after administration of gadolinium (Gd-DTPA). Gd-DTPA-MRI was useful in estimating the pathological extent and expected residual deficiency in ATMs.
3	It has been suggested that antegrade cardioplegia with coronary sinus occlusion improves homogenous myocardial cooling and reduces myocardial lesions in the presence of coronary artery occlusion. There is little data on the exact relationships between the basic elements or this intervention, including antegrade infusion rate, aortic root pressure, degree of coronary sinus oc
4	The clinical and pathological characteristics of 33 pseudo-malignant lesions of the gastrointestinal tract with bizarre stromal cells are reported. Deceptive histological changes were identified in the ulcers of seven patients and in the inflammatory polyps of 26. A poor diagnosis of malignant neoplasm was made in six of the 33 patients (three polyps and three ulcers).
4	In a prospective study of 306 patients with liver damage, 13 (4%) developed a biliary leak. There appear to be two groups of patients, those with a significant biliary canal injury (three patients) and those with a more peripheral lesion (ten patients). Bile leaks may occur either as biliary peritonitis (six patients) or as biliary leaks through a drainage site (seven patients).
3	We have recently demonstrated that cardiac myosin is capable of inducing autoimmune myocarditis in genetically predisposed mice. This disease is parallel to the autoimmune myocarditis induced by the Coxsackie B3 virus in many respects and is associated with autoantibodies with high titration specific to cardiac myocarditis. The following lines of evidence suggest that these autoantibodies are not involved in the induction of autoimmune myocarditis:
3	This paper examines the pathology, pathophysiology, diagnosis and treatment of vascular lesions in the intestine as a cause of gastrointestinal bleeding. In addition, a modified system of classification of these lesions, based on the author's personal experience with such lesions, is presented.
1	The final diagnosis was pancreatic cancer in 54 patients and pancreatic cancer in 81 consecutive patients with suspected chronic pancreatitis or pancreatic neoplasm.
2	A retention rate of 71 per cent was reported, most of them working in warehouses, offices and offices.
3	Coronary angiography was obtained on average 5.1 weeks after transplantation and thereafter each year. Repeat projections after nitroglycerin administration were quantified using computer-assisted edge detection. Five hundred and fifteen coronary segments in 25 patients with one-year follow-up and 353 segments in 18 patients with 2-year follow-up were compared with baseline angiograms.
2	Instability and premature onset of cervical spine spondylosis are frequently found in patients with athetoid cerebral palsy (CP). These structural abnormalities appear to be related to the athetoid movement of the neck in CP. Through motion analysis, the authors sought to clarify cervical motion anomalies that could precipitate structural abnormalities.
4	· Bilateral involvement is rare with only 10 cases reported in the English literature. Rapid and aggressive management is needed to save these patients. The preservation of renal function using broad-spectrum antibiotics and surgical drainage provides the greatest benefit to these patients. Three new cases are presented with a brief review of the results of management in the reported cases.
2	In 1953, two patients, Cecil Roe and Albert Woolley, pursued their anaesthetist for alleged negligence because they had developed a painful spastic paraparesis after spinal anaesthesia. The court concluded that phenol, which was used to sterilize the outside of the local anaesthetic bulbs, had percolated the glass through invisible cracks, contaminating the solution, but that the anaesthetist could not be aware of this risk.
3	In a study to determine the proportion of unrecognized cases and the prevalence of treatable complications of dominant autosomal polycystic disease (ADPKD), 46 probands were identified through genetics and kidney clinics in Melbourne, Australia. 321 proband descendants over 15 years of age who had not already been diagnosed with ADPKD were identified. 68 (21%) showed ultrasound signs of polycystic renal disease.
4	Six girls suspected of Rokitansky syndrome underwent magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), then sonography and laparoscopy to confirm the clinical diagnosis and define the precise characteristics of the malformation. The uterus was absent in all cases; four had wall rudiments instead of the uterus, which were cavitarian in two cases, as shown by sonography and in one case MRI. Both ovaries were present in all cases, normally located in four cases and extrapelvic in two cases;
1	We recently demonstrated that polymorphonuclear neutrophils were toxic to hepatocytes through a protease mediated mechanism. Since the synthesis of antiproteases was significantly increased during an acute inflammatory reaction, the purpose of this work was to study the toxicity of neutrophils against normal hepatocytes against hepatocytes of inflammatory rats. An acute inflammatory reaction was induced by subcutaneous injection of turpentine 24 hours prior to the experiments.
0	The effects of nutritional status on the differences in survival of black and white women with breast cancer were studied in a cohort of 1,960 Georgian women diagnosed between 1975 and 1979. After adjusting data to take into account the stage of disease, socio-economic status and other prognostic factors, survival rates were lower in black women.
0	The mechanism of signal transduction in glioblastoma cell lines was examined. A series of experiments have shown that activation of protein kinase C (PKC) is involved in DR and DP expression on T98G cells. In addition to PKC activation, the influx of calcium appears to be present in the cell lines of glioblastoma.
4	In 167 patients with a complete occlusion (more than 3 cm) of the femoropolite artery, a percutaneous transluminal laser angioplasty (PTLA) was performed after an unsuccessful attempt to pass through a guide wire and was immediately followed by balloon expansion. An Nd-YAG laser and a fibre optic distribution system with a tip of sapphire used as a contact probe were used for PTLA.
4	The effects of insulin on carbohydrate metabolism in the muscle of the atrophied rat soleus were increased after non-weighting by tail suspension. This work was extended by testing the non-weight effect on the response of carbohydrate metabolism to isoproterenol, a beta-adrenergic agonist.
4	The analysis of the graphs included a 6-month sample of patients with low back rates to identify outcome indicators in acute pain with low back rates. Two hundred and seven episodes were identified. The material extracted included age, sex, previous history, presentation time, occupancy, suggestion of precipitating the injury event, and estimated difficulty of work tasks. Symptoms and presentation of results were also recorded.
3	The effect of the release of intraoperative thigh swirls on the rate of blood flow in the central artery of the brain was examined in five patients who received general anaesthesia with controlled ventilation for orthopaedic interventions at the lower extremities using Doppler transcranial sonography. The rate of blood flow in the mean artery of the brain increased significantly from 52 +/- 6 (EMS) to 82 +/- 24 cm/s (an increase of 58% +/- 13%).
4	Several authors have already reported complications resulting from contact between a diagnostic or therapeutic agent injected into an invertebral disc and neural tissue. This study was undertaken to demonstrate the common pathways through which, and the frequency with which, this contact occurs. Of 105 studies of cadaveric intervertebral discs, 15 (14%) fled. Of the discs that fled, 27% demonstrated the contact of dye injected with the adjacent spinal nerve. The high rate of leakage may be related to the age of cadavers.
4	In a Peruvian village, the eating habits of mothers and children who accepted food during diarrhoea, convalescence and health were measured, and changes were observed in the days when children suffered from diarrhoea compared to the days of recovery and health. Morbidity monitoring identified 40 children, aged 4 to 36 months, with diarrhoea. Children were followed by structured observations of 12 hours at home for two to four days of diarrhoea, convalescence and health.
0	· Forty-seven patients with metastatic or non-resectable renal carcinoma were treated with interleukin-2 (IL-2) and interleukin-activated cell (LAK) therapy using IL-2 therapy. IL-2 was first administered with intravenous bolus (10(5) U/kg [Cetus Corp, Emeryville, CA] every 8 hours for 3 days)
3	Only one photon emission was calculated by tomography with thallium-201 during adenosine-induced coronary hyperaemia: correlation with coronary arteriography, thallium-exercise imaging and two-dimensional echocardiography The feasibility, safety and diagnostic accuracy of a single photon emission was evaluated by tomography (SPECT) with thallium-201 imaging during adenosine-induced coronary hyperaemia in 53 patients
1	The computerized identification of pathological duodenogastric reflux using 24-hour gastric pH monitoring is a natural sporadic event, the incidence, occurrence and adverse effects of which have been difficult to assess. The reliability of 24-hour gastric pH monitoring for the detection of duodenogastric reflux has been studied.
4	OBJECTIVE STUDIES: Study the treatment of moderate to severe hypothermia using a combination of heart warming techniques. DESIGN: A prospective study. STEP: The emergency department of a community urban hospital. TYPE OF PATIENTS: Sixteen patients with accidental hypothermia at a heart temperature below 32 C. INTERVENTIONS: All patients were treated with IV liquids heated either by central or peripheral IV lines and heated aerosol masks.
4	Since January 1985, more than 100 patients with deep fungal infections have been treated with itraconazole (200 to 400 mg/day) in northern Italy. Evaluation of the efficacy and safety of the medicine has been possible in a sporotrith patient, 34 aspergillosis patients and 36 cryptococcosis patients (mainly human immunodeficiency virus positive patients).
0	The levels of lipolysis of the whole body and the cycle rate of triglyceride fatty acid (reesterification of fatty acids released during lipolysis) were measured with isotopic tracers stable in the basal state and during beta-adrenergic blockage with propranolol infusion in five cachectic patients with squamous esophagus carcinoma, five control patients without cachectic cancer and with nutritional pairings and 10 healthy volunteers.
0	The existence of a marginal lymphocyte population in rat liver sinusoids has already been demonstrated using the sinusoidal washing method. We used the same technique to study the human liver lymphocyte population obtained ex vivo after partial hepatectomy for benign or malignant tumours and compared with peripheral and portal blood lymphocyte populations. Percentages of lymphocyte surface phenotypes were evaluated by flow cytometry.
3	The objective of this study was to determine the effects of endothelin-1 on the coronary vascular bed of closed thoracic pigs. Endothelin-1 (3 to 30 pmol/kg body weight) was selectively administered in the left anterior descending coronary artery. Coronary blood flow and diameter of epicardial vessels were measured by quantitative arteriography. Blood pressure increased after a dose of 30 pmol/kg and heart rate was not altered.
4	A 3 pb deletion in the rhodopsin gene in a family with autosomal dominant pigment retinitis. Autosomal dominant pigment retinitis (ARDP) has recently been linked to the D3S47 locus (problem C17), without recombination, in a single large Irish family. Other ADRP pedigrees have shown zero recombination binding, binding with recombination, and no binding, demonstrating genetic heterogeneity.
1	Calmodulin, a low molecular weight Ca2+ binding protein, regulates a large number of cellular activities, including cell division. Previous studies in our laboratory have indicated excessive accumulation of Ca2+ in hepatocytes with rapid glycogen degradation and suppressed cell division in rats receiving CCl4 after dietary exposure prior to 10 ppm chlordecone. Since calmodulin plays a major role in Ca2(+)-regulated events and was located in mitotic devices during cell division,
4	Three right-hand male children (aged 5, 6 and 11 years) with signs, symptoms and/or history of acquired aphasia epilepsy syndrome (Landau-Kleffner syndrome) were studied in electroencephalographically controlled sleep (EEG) by positron-emission tomography (PET) and the [18F]fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) method.
4	In order to determine the extent to which the average signal spectra of Fourier's rapid Fourier transformations of the mean signal electrocardiograms (MCEs) obtained during the sinus rhythm appear to distinguish patients with ischemic heart disease and sustained monomorphic ventricular tachycardia from those without ventricular tachycardia, this study was conducted to determine the power of frequency analysis to detect patients with a history of ventricular fibrillation.
4	The cell mixture was tinted with orange acridine and bacteria considered to be attached to epithelial cells under the fluorescent microscope. Conventional bacterial culture was also performed simultaneously.
3	In vitro testing was used to study the effects of doxazosine on platelet aggregation induced by epinephrine, collagen, and adenosine diphosphate. Plasma rich in platelets from normotensive subjects and hypertensive patients was compared. Doxazosine produced concentration-dependent inhibition of platelet aggregation in both groups, but significantly lower concentrations were required to inhibit platelet aggregation in plasma from hypertensive patients.
0	A procedure that measures the amplification of oncogenes in human cancer cells is described. The cells were obtained by biopsy of fine requirements to allow repeated sampling from individual metastases. A disadvantage is the small number of cells obtained, but this could be overcome by using a slot-blot hybridization technique to measure gene amplification. Two patients with breast cancer (primary tumours or metastases), analyzed for levels of oncogene amplification
0	Indomethacin-receptive hypercalcemia associated with renal sarcoma One infant had a non-metastatic sarcoma of renal spindilla cells and hypercalcaemia, which resolved after treatment with indomethacin.
3	The orthostatic hypotension of Shy-Drager syndrome is a chronic condition of disability characterized by the absence of an appropriate increase in the plasma level of norepinephrine in response to standing position. Recently, octreotide analogous to somatostatin was reported to induce a pressive response in patients with this syndrome. We reported a case of Shy-Drager syndrome in which octreotide was effective, but the increase in blood pressure was
0	In this study, flow cytometry (FCM) was used to analyze TdT expression in human haematopoietic tumours. Cells were fixed in 0.5% formaldehyde, briefly exposed to a nonionic detergent, then marked with mouse TdT monoclonal antibodies followed by an antimony conjugated with fluoresceins IgG and propidium iodi
3	The combined echocardiography and mapping of Doppler color fluxes from transthoracic imaging windows became the standard method for non-invasive evaluation of valvular regurgitation. This study compared the regurgitant jet zones by Doppler color flow imaging derived from the more recent transoesophageal approach with measurements obtained from conventional transthoracic apical views.
1	We used dual contrast radiographic techniques to clarify changes in the configuration and movement of the gastroduodenal junction when peptic lesions involved the distal gastric segment between the proximal loop (PPL) and the distal pyloric muscle loop (DPL). Of the 50 cases of pyloric ulceration diagnosed during a four-year study period, 18 cases met all the study criteria.
4	Bell's paralysis. Ensure the best possible result. Bell's paralysis is considered idiopathic polyneuritis and must be distinguished from other disorders that cause facial weakness. In most cases, differentiation can be accomplished on the basis of history, physical examination, and clinical course.
4	We report 5 patients who developed dementia before the age of 60 and were subsequently found to have celiac disease. Intellectual deterioration ranged from moderate to severe, and diffuse brain or cerebellar atrophy was found on the CT brain. CD diagnosis was confirmed by subtotal vile atrophy in samples of jejunal biopsy and positive antibodies against serum retuline and gliadine.
3	We implemented a regional blood volume measurement technique using a tomography calculated using a tomography using a photon tomography and red blood cells labelled in vivo with technetium-99m and evaluated in nine normal human volunteers (control) and seven patients with bilateral occlusion or severe internal carotide artery stenosis.
3	We recently mapped the ataxia-telangiectasia group A (ATA) gene to chromosome 11q22-23 by binding analysis, using genetic markers THY1 and pYNB3.12 (D11S144). The most likely order was 100-AT-S144-THY1. This document describes further mapping of the AT locus using a panel of 10 markers that span approximately 60 cM in the 11q22-23 region centred around S144 and
3	Between August 1984 and November 1988, 10 of the 2,658 patients with coronary bypass grafts had an ascending aortic disease that was not likely to be proximal anastomoses for coronary bypass grafts. This was due to calcified aorta in 6 and acute aortic dissection in 4. There were 5 men and 5 women of an average age of 71 years. The cannulation site was the femoral artery in 5, the ascending aorta in 5 years.
3	We reported the skin manifestations of multiple myeloma, using a retrospective review of 115 patient records obtained from tumour registration records. Five patients had biopsy-proven extramedullary plasmacytoma without an underlying bone concentration. Twelve patients had thrombocytopenia-free eccymosis; two had biopsy-proven amyloidosis. One patient had pyoderma gangrenosum and was then diagnosed with a myeloma.
2	In this study, the effect of fluid percussion injury on brain temperature in anaesthetized rats and the effect of anaesthesia on brain temperature in uninjured rats was examined. The relationship between brain, rectal, and temporality of muscle temperatures during normothermia, hypothermia, and hyperthermia was studied after
4	OBJECTIVE--Determine the incidence and risk factors for the development of secondary acute leukemia and myelodysplasia in patients treated in the British National Investigation lymphoma studies on Hodgkin's disease since 1970. PATIENTS--2676 Patients undertook studies on Hodgkin's disease between February 1970 and November 1986. Data accumulated up to November 1988 were analyzed, ensuring a minimum follow-up period of two years.
0	In this randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study, we evaluated the effect of serotonin S3 receptor blocking with ondansetron (GR 38032F) on the prevention of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting containing cyclophosphamide. Cyclophosphamide was administered at doses of 500 to 600 mg/m2 and ondansetron.
4	One case is reported from a teenage girl, who experienced a profound loss of vision in the right eye, secondary to retinal vasculitis. In the previous year, a gradual change in her personality was noted, associated with a deterioration of her intelligence. She developed an epithelial pigmental disturbance zone in the macular region of the right eye, then, optical atrophy. A year later, she had a similar episode, but more localized in the left eye. She later developed involuntary movements, and two years later, she had a similar episode, but more localized in the left eye.
0	We studied the proliferation and differentiation of human laryngeal papillomas, which are benign tumours induced by human papillomaviruses. Tissue immunofluorescent stains for a number of differentiation-specific proteins showed abnormal differentiation. In vitro papilloma tissue fragments showed a slightly reduced fraction of proliferating cells that incorporated tritiated thymidine and a significantly reduced incorporation of tritiated uridine compared to normal tissues.
0	The mean B-2M of all breast cancer patients with more or less one standard deviation (3.5 +/- 1.2; range 1.1 to 5.9) was significantly higher than normal controls (1.29 +/- 0.49; range 1.1 to 5.9).
2	OBJECTIVE STUDY: This study evaluated the efficacy of glucagon in pre-hospital treatment of hypoglycaemia in patients without access to IV. DESIGN: Prospective clinical study. REGULATION: Prehospital in an occupied urban emergency medical services system. TYPE OF PARTICIPANTS: Fifty consecutive patients with documented hypoglycaemia (ChemStrip BG less than or equal to 80 mg/dL) and symptoms of decreased level of consciousness, syncope or convulsion were included.
4	The pathological analysis of a neoplastic process has traditionally consisted of a microscopic examination of a coloured tissue section. Although this method is generally reliable when performed by an experienced pathologist, the morphological characteristics of a lesion may not systematically predict biological behaviour. The DNA content of tumours can be studied with a flow cytometer to help determine prognosis and the risk of tumour recurrence. The DNA analysis of a neoplasm may provide the clinician with important prognostic information.
2	A study of 1000 consecutive autopsies of people dying of natural diseases was conducted. Cardiovascular diseases accounted for 60.9 per cent of all deaths from coronary heart disease, not only the leading cause of cardiovascular death, but also the leading cause of all natural deaths, or 45.1 per cent of those deaths. Central nervous and respiratory system diseases accounted for 8.7 and 8.6 per cent of natural deaths, respectively.
4	The epidemiology and natural history of onchocerciasis and its eye complications in tropical forest areas are poorly understood. The present study was conducted on a rubber plantation in a hyperendemic zone in Liberia's tropical forest, West Africa, where 800 people were examined. The overall prevalence of infection was 84 per cent 29 per cent had intraocular microfilaries, and 2.4 per cent were blind to one or both eyes. Onchocerciasis was the cause of blindness.
4	The chronic osteomyelitis of childhood is heterogeneous, but can generally be classified into non-specific or specific groups. Children with chronic osteomyelitis due to mycobacteria or mycosis are included in the specific group. The non-specific group is the largest. It includes chronic osteomyelitis as a follow-up to late acute osteomyelitis as well as unifocal and chronic multifocal osteomyelitis.
4	In the case of a 54-year-old woman with Felty's syndrome, the course of which was complicated by clinically typical mucosal lesions of pyoderma gangrenosum, necrotizing sinusitis and deformity of the nose of the stool were distinctive clinical features. Lymphocyte vasculitis and the formation of rheumatoid nodules observed in the panniculus at the base of a skin injury and in a nasal mucosal injury were unexpected histopathological results.
2	The headaches induced by medicines used for diseases other than headaches, and more importantly, the headaches perpetuated by symptomatic medicines used for primary headaches are discussed in detail in this article. The clinical characteristics and mechanisms of headaches induced by drugs are discussed.
2	In the years 1986-1988, 10 cases of ehrlichiosis were diagnosed in children of Oklahoma. Fever and headache were universal: myalgia, nausea, vomiting and anorexia were also common. Rash was observed in six patients but was an important result in only one. Leucopenia, lymphopenia and thrombocytopenia were common laboratory abnormalities.
4	The analgesic effect of intraarticular bupivacaine injected at the end of knee arthroscopy performed under general anaesthetic was studied prospectively, randomized and blinded. Pain scores, use of pain medication, use of crutches, weight, level of activity and difficulty sleeping at night after the operation were not affected by the use of a randomized, blinded, prospective evaluation.
0	In a retrospective review of patients with neutropenia and fever, we looked at how often roentgenograms detected lung disease, particularly pneumonia, not suggested by signs and symptoms, and how often treatment was modified as a result of roentgenographic results. Overall, 41 (22%) of 187 breast roentgenograms obtained from initial febrile episodes, recurrent fevers or persistent fevers were abnormal.
0	Fifty-five patients with severe pain due to the instability of the spine due to metastatic cancer were sent back to Hope Hospital, none of whom were considered terminally ill. One patient had a disease that was too important for surgery, 54 were treated with 55 spinal stabilizers; 49 obtained complete pain relief and two had partial relief. There were three failures. Twenty-eight of the patients had clinical evidence of spinal cord or equine cauda compression and were decompressed at the time.
2	Although cryptococcal meningitis is a common infection in AIDS patients, papildema is rarely reported. We reported a case of deep papildema associated with cryptococcal meningitis in a patient with AIDS. After failure of treatment with amphotericin B, the patient was successfully treated with fluconazole, and papildema resolved.
4	Two hundred and eighty-one alcoholic patients were prospectively evaluated by clinical, biochemical and histological parameters over a 4-year period to evaluate their prognosis, stratified into four injury categories: (1) foie gras (26 patients), (2) acute alcoholic hepatitis (106), (3) cirrhosis (39) and (4) cirrhosis with superimposed alcoholic hepatitis (111). Survival rates and survival-related variables vary by group.
2	Twenty-five patients (seven men, 18 women) were diagnosed with lanyard pain and haematuria syndrome. The symptoms present were either lanyard pain alone, or pain associated with macroscopic or microscopic haematuria, and had long been present for an average of 9.3 years in men, and 10 years in women. Ten patients described symptoms of gravel passage or kidney stones, but these were shown radiologically only in two patients.
0	Six hundred and sixteen blood samples from haematological malignancy patients were equally distributed among three identical cells in a Malthus Microbiological Growth Analyzer. Mean volumes (SD) inoculated in groups in which one, two or three of the three bottles were positive were 37.7 (10.1), 37.4 (12.9) ml and 37.7 (10.5) ml, respectively.
1	Although 6-mercaptopurine is often used to treat adolescents with Crohn's disease, its long-term efficacy has not yet been studied in this population. This study shows data from 36 adolescents (mean age +/- SD, 16.5 +/- 3.3 years; 27 men, 9 women) treated with 6-mercaptopurine at least 6 months (1.5 mg.kg-1.day-1, maximum 75 mg/day).
1	We compared patient populations with the results of peptic ulcer surgery in 81 patients in a Veterans Administration Hospital (VAH) and 97 patients in an affiliated university hospital (UNH). Surgeons and the choice of surgery were comparable in both facilities. Patients were similar in severity of ulcer, percentage of elderly patients, and distribution of co-morbid conditions. There were significantly more women (45% vs. 2%, P less than 0.05), patients under 40 years of age.
4	We investigated the possibility that interference with this reflex mechanism contributes to the development of sleep obstructive apnea. Eight other asymptomatic snorers (seven males and one female), 39 years +/- 5.3 years (mean +/- SEM), underwent night sleep studies over three successive nights. One night of acclimatization was followed by two nights of random study.
4	Malakoplakia is an unusual inflammatory condition characterized histopathologically by accumulations of benign macrophages, or von Hansemann cells, which are associated with intracellular and extracellular diagnostic calcospherites, called Michaelis-Gutmann body. Currently considered to represent an acquired defect in the digestion of macrophages, malakoplakia is most often found in the urinary tract and is associated with a variety of infectious agents, including gram
2	In a 5-year-old child, renal tubular acidosis and tetanus were the first manifestations of Kearns-Sayre syndrome. Subsequently, he developed progressive external ophthalmoplegia, ptosis, retinopathy, cardiac block, and endocrinopathy. There was a 7.5-kb removal of documented mitochondrial DNA in muscles, kidneys, skin fibroblasts, and leukocytes, which provided evidence of mitochondrial cytopathy.
4	Haemodynamic and electrophysiological studies were conducted in 30 survivors of sudden cardiac arrest with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HC) to determine the factors responsible. Electrophysiological abnormalities alone were present in 27 patients (90%): sinus node dysfunction in 14 (47%), delayed atrioventricular nodal conduction in 1 (3%), abnormal conduction of His-Purkinje in 7 (23%), inducible atrial tachycardia in 7 (23%), and inducible
1	To compare the efficacy of cystgastrostomy and cystgastrostomy in the treatment of pancreatic pseudocysts, 39 patients with cystgastrostomy were compared to 59 patients with cystgastrostomy. Groups were comparable by age, sex, cause of pancreatitis, location of pseudocyst, symptoms and preoperative serum amylase levels.
1	Yersinia enterocolitica abscess of the transverse colon. Report of a case. Yersinia enterocolitica abscess of the intestine is a rare entity. Only five cases have already been reported - none in the surgical literature. A unique presentation for Yersinia infection, abscess of the transverse colon, is described, and the literature of Y. enterocolitica perforation intestinal and abscess is reviewed.
0	The incidence and prognostic significance of humoral hypercalcaemia in renal carcinoma was investigated retrospectively to assess the incidence and prognostic significance of humoral hypercalcaemia in 218 patients with renal carcinoma over the past 20 years. Of 218 patients, 20 (9.2%) were hypercalcemic, with serum calcium levels ranging from 10.7 to 16.0 mg/dl. The respective incidence of humoral hypercalcaemia was 3% in patients
1	In order to improve the efficiency, safety and convenience of the dissolution of gallbladder calculations by contact, a microprocessor-assisted solvent transfer system has been developed. Both pumps of the system infuse and aspirate the solvent simultaneously in and from the gallbladder at a high flow through a multi-luminous catheter. The microprocessor controls the pumps using a closed feedback loop control algorithm to regulate intragallbladder pressure in order to prevent the solvent from being removed in the process.
4	For a period of 6 years, 96 patients had 146 subknee angioplasties. There were 31 total occlusions and 95 multiple stenoses. All patients had distal ischemia, and 40% had gangrene. The primary success rate was 97%, and the recovery rate for 2-year-old members was 83%. The ankle/brachial index increased from an average of 0.25 before surgery to 0.62 after surgery.
2	Case report, using 133xenon inhalation, technetium 99m hexamethylpropyleneamine oxime and computerized single photonic emission tomography. We report a case of progressive aphasia without clinical signs of intellectual or behavioural impairment, meeting the clinical criteria of Mesulam primary progressive aphasia, as 4 years of extended psychometric tests and radiological imaging, including CT and MRI, did not detect evidence of relevant involvement outside the left perisylvial regions.
4	In Israel, seismic communication, through low frequency vibrations and substrate-based vibrations that are generated by headbeat, and that travel long distances underground, is important in the non-visual communication of underground mole rats of the superespecies Spalax ehrenbergi (2n = 52, 54, 58 and 60) in Israel. This importance concerns both intraspecific adaptation and interspecific speciation.
0	The curative resection of pancreatic and hepatobiliary tumours is rarely possible due to a local invasion, especially in the portal vein. We developed a new antithrombogenic catheter using a heparinized hydrophilic polymer to allow the bypass of the portal vein during the resection of tumors invading the portal vein. The pancreectomy or hepatectomy accompanied by a resection of the portal vein was performed for pancreatic or hepatobiliary cancer, with an intraoperative hunt
1	The clinical management of complications of HIV infection. Patients with progression of HIV infection are subject to a wide range of complications that may challenge the front-line physician. The presence of more than one complication at a time is common.Some common complications are discussed, including a discussion of the approach to diagnosis and management.
4	In order to study the incidence, determinants and extent of delayed clearance of serum HBsAg in chronic hepatitis B virus infection, a prospective follow-up study was conducted in two consecutive groups of patients. Group I consisted of 984 patients (859 men and 125 women) with chronic hepatitis B, demonstrated by biopsy, while Group II consisted of 1,598 chronic asymptomatic carriers (998 men and 600 women) with normal aminotransferase activity.
4	The Holter bands of 61 patients (46 men, mean age +/- standard deviation 65 +/- 11 years) with sudden cardiac death during surveillance were analyzed. Thirty-eight patients were known to have coronary artery disease, five had cardiomyopathy and 7 had aortic valve disease. The etiology remained unknown in 11 patients. The average functional class of the New York Heart Association was 2.5 +/- 0.7. Thirty patients had received antiarrhythmic drugs and 32 had received digitalization.
4	Two sisters and one cousin had rigid atrophy of the spine and facio-scapulo-peroneal muscle. Patients belonged to a family with two first-colour marriages. Electromyography, muscle and nerve biopsy showed neurogenic muscle atrophy without peripheral nerve damage. Follow-up did not show progression of the disease. This is the first observation of a combination of facio-scapulo-peroneal neurogenic spine syndrome and rigid neurogenic spine syndrome.
4	The measurement of flow in saphenous bypass grafts with an electromagnetic flowmeter is complicated and poorly reproducible. Since coronary flow is largely dependent on variable factors, the stable value of resistance seems more appropriate for comparison. A simple method has been developed for the intraoperative measurement of resistance in the respective coronary bed. The pressure is recorded in the saphenous graft by an electromanometer during continuous rinsing with known amounts of blood, and the resistance is calculated instantly. The procedure is very simple and takes less than one
1	A study of the cytoprotective activity of certain antacids and inert particles was performed by treating the gastric mucosal lesions induced by ethanol in rats to clarify the possible mechanisms by which aluminum-containing antacids act. Al(OH)3 inhibited gastric mucosal lesions in a dose-dependent and time-dependent manner. Neither the aluminum ions themselves nor the size of the Al(OH)3 complex particles were responsible for the observed cytoprotection, since neither Al
4	The fusion of the bcr and abl genes on chromosomes 22 and 9, respectively. In most cases, fusion involves reciprocal translocation t(9;22)(q34;q11), which produces the cytogenetically distinct Philadelphia chromosome (Ph1). The fusion can be detected by the analysis of southern DNA or by the in vitro amplification of the messenger RNA of the fusion gene with the polymerase chain reaction (PCR).
0	Eighteen patients with soft tissue masses underwent integrated magnetic resonance imaging (IRM) and phosphorus spectroscopy (31P-MRS) to assess the morphology and metabolism of benign and malignant tumours. The soft tissue tumour spectrum showed a significantly higher proportion of phosphate in the low-energy portion of the 31P spectrum (P less than 0.001), with a concomitant decrease in phosphocreatin (P less than 0.01) compared to the 31P spectra of normal muscle.
0	Granulocytic sarcoma is an extramedullary tumour composed of immature cells of the granulocytic series known to occur in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome, chronic myelogenic leukemia, or acute myelogenic leukemia. This tumor may involve nodes, cervix, bone, and periost, and rarely the small intestine. Granulocytic sarcoma rarely occurs in the colon and has not been described endoscopically.
2	Hyperprolactinemia is a recognized cause of impotence. The discovery of high levels of prolactin in impotent men is very important since the pharmacotherapy in this case is very successful. We examine our experience of prolactin determinations in impotent men, and a population is defined that can benefit from the determination of routine prolactin. In our experience, the predominant symptom associated with hyperprolactinemia in men is the loss of libido.
0	The authors examine the experience of their institution with the inability of definitive treatment to achieve local tumour control and with the remote diffusion and local morbidity associated with such failure. The causes of local failure are various: incomplete resection, implantation of reversed cells, and possibly selective implantation of circulating tumour cells in traumatized tissues after surgery and totally or partially resistant cells, new tumours, or radiological anomalies after radiation.
3	· Coronary ostial reconstruction can be the preferred alternative for restoring anterior myocardial revascularization in patients with isolated ostial stenosis. The technical steps of reconstruction are described. The ultrasonic vacuum is a useful tool in dissection of the left hand and proximal straight coronary arteries. Satisfactory results of coronary ostial reconstruction in the current era seem to fulfill its promise.
1	The left retroperitoneal exposure for the repair of the distal mesenteric artery. Distal disease in the mesenteric arteries was generally repaired transabdominally since it is believed that only the proximal centimeter of each vessel is accessible by the retroperitoneum. We treated five patients with chronic visceral ischemia and lesions extending beyond the orifice by a retroperitoneal approach. The exposure was obtained with an incision of the left flank through the tenth inter
0	The surgical margins of a skin neoplasm can be evaluated by various combinations of three main types of sections: vertical (perpendicular), horizontal (parallel) and oblique (Mohs method). Vertical sections can be transversally carried out through the tumor (bread method), longitudinally through the tumor (bread method), or peripheral to the tumor. Peripheral cutting methods (perimeter) are the only methods that can estimate almost 100% of the margin, but they have the disadvantage.
4	The efficacy of ephedrine in the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting. Although reported in aerospace and anecdotal literature by anesthetists, the presumed anti-emetic effect of ephedrine remains unquantified, ephedrine has been prospectively studied as an anti-emetic agent in the perioperative setting in 97 patients on general anaesthetic for external gynaecological laparoscopy. Patients have been randomized in double blind
0	Endosalpingosis as a cause of chronic pelvic pain. Endosalpingosis, a condition characterized by ectopic oviductory epithelium, is diagnosed histologically by the appearance of benign ciliate and unciliated columnous cells in an abnormal place. Endosalpingosis is typically symptomless. Our unusual case report shows symptomatic endosalpingosis first seen with chronic pelvic pain. Various aspects of this disease will also be discussed.
2	The effect of continuous drainage of cerebrospinal fluid in patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage: a retrospective analysis of 108 patients The effects of continuous drainage of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) on vasospasm and hydrocephalus were retrospectively analysed in 108 patients with subarachnoid haemorrhage (SAH) who were operated on broken aneurysms within 48 hours of onset.
4	We present three keratocone patients who experienced severe inflammation of the anterior segment, two after penetrating keratoplasty, and one after epikeratoplasty. A favourable response to treatment with indomethacin in the second eyes of these patients suggests that inflammation in the former was mediated by prostaglandin.
1	The typhlitis caused by Balantidium coli and requiring surgical resection occurred in three captive gorillas over a period of 30 months. None of the other gorillas in the colony or their guardians was ill. B. coli is widely distributed geographically and widely among mammals. Asymptomatic commensalism predominates, but invasion of the colonic mucosa can cause diarrhea and dysentery and prepare the stage of local or systemic spread.
3	A total of 97 patients with coronary disease, stable angina and ambulatory electrocardiographic data were evaluated.
0	A report of seven cases and a review of the literature. Peritoneum mesothelioma is a rare malignant neoplasm easily confused by the surgeon and pathologist for one of the most common neoplasms in the abdomen. A review of our records in metropolitan hospitals over the past 15 years has identified seven patients with primary peritoneal mesotheliomas. Their diagnosis, management and survival are analyzed. We report one case of prolonged survivor (7 years) and one of a long-term survivor (15 years).
4	The long-term results of standard oesophagectomy techniques were examined in 127 patients with squamous oesophagus carcinoma. Almost total oesophagectomy with cervical anastomosis was performed in 93 patients and an oesophagogastroctomy with intrathoracic anastomosis was performed in 34 patients. One hundred and eight patients had curative oesophagectomy and 19 patients had a palliative.
0	A case report. A mature cystic teratoma of the ovary occurred in a 51-year-old woman and reappeared as a large intrahepatic tumour mass as well as a small mass in the transverse colon 17 years after rupture, intraperitoneal discharge of tumour content and subtotal surgical elimination of ovarian injury and peritoneal implants
4	Twenty-one patients have been treated in the past 16 years. The aetiology was congenital, traumatic, myasthenic and vascular. The posture of the anomaly head, diplopia or defigurative hypertropy were symptomatic. The diagnosis was based on prism and coverage test in diagnostic positions and on examination of ductures and versions.
3	XVIII. Reperfusion conditions: attenuation of the regional ischemic effect by partial total bypass surgery prior to controlled reperfusion. This study tested the hypothesis that total bypass surgery may mitigate the regional ischemic effect for a defined time interval prior to controlled cardioplegic reperfusion of the blood. Thirty-three dogs underwent 2 or 4 hours occlusion of the left anterior downward coronary artery and then received cardioplegic reperfusate of the regional blood on total bypass surgery.
3	By the end of September 1989, 52 EXS Dacron transplants had been implanted for femoropolitic bypass surgery; the distal extremities of 27 grafts were anastomosed in higher-knee poplitary arteries and those of 25 grafts in lower-knee poplitary arteries. The cumulative rate of patence of grafts above knee was 71.
1	The objective of this study was to determine whether serum gastrin levels were increased by reflexogenic stimuli applied to extrinsic muscles of the eye. Serum concentrations of gastrin and blood glucose were measured in ten normal children aged 5-12 years during general anesthesia with halothane and nitrous oxide and during strabismus surgery.
4	However, little is known about the incidence or extent of these genetic mutations in the myeloproliferative states of childhood (SMP).
4	The distribution and quantitative expression of HBcAg relative to serum HbeAg and hepatic histology before and after an interferon trial in 50 patients with chronic hepatitis B were evaluated using polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies. In general, both antiserums showed a similar pattern in terms of HBcAg distribution, with a predominant location of HBcAg in H cytoplasm.
4	Digibind is a binding fragment to purified antigen (Fab) of immunoglobulin G antibodies elevated to bind digoxin. Animal studies suggest that renal excretion is an important part of the elimination of Fab. Thus, it is expected that the elimination of fragments of Fab antidigoxin will be prolonged in patients with renal impairment; it is still not known whether digoxin could be released with a possible recurrence of toxicity.
0	Recently, we performed hepatic resection combined with liver vein reconstruction to preserve residual liver function in three of these patients. One patient had saphenous vein transplantation. The postoperative liver function of patients undergoing liver vein reconstruction was compared with eight patients undergoing hepatic resection in segments VII and VIII. The right hepatic vein in four of them was resealed and in the other four patients was preserved by skeletalization using an ultrasonic vacuum cleaner.
3	However, lidocaine is generally preferred because bretylium may have adverse haemodynamic effects related to its anti-adrenergic action. To further study the differences between these two anti-arrhythmic agents, we compared the effects of bretylium, lidocaine, and saline on a standard dog model of ventricular fibrillation followed by electromechanical diss
4	The percutaneous transluminal angioplasty of coronary stenosis involving major bifurcations presents a small but significant risk of lateral branch occlusion which can be avoided by simultaneously using multiple dilation systems. Of the 1,275 PTCA procedures performed between 1984 and 1988 in 1,035 consecutive patients, 42 double-wire procedures (4%) were applied to protect and/or dilate the main coronary branches.
4	The prognostic significance of the white nipple sign in varical bleeding. The prognostic significance of the white nipple sign in varical bleeding was prospectively evaluated in 203 separate admissions for hemorrhagic oesophageal varicose veins in 145 cirrhotic patients.
3	A change in distal anastomosis was performed. A bypass of the crural artery with adjunct arterioveinous fistula was performed in 8 lower limbs of 7 patients with severe ischemic symptoms and poor distal flow. Mean blood flows in implanted transplants ranged from 43 to 340 ml/min and those in reconstructed crural arteries from 20 to 100 ml/min. A stenotic lesion was noted on the postoperative angiogram in a patient and symptoms of sta
3	In this study, continuous-wave Doppler echocardiography was used to evaluate changes in the flow rates of lung regulators associated with vasodilator administration in 10 patients with congestive heart failure.
3	The evaluation and management of the retinal ischemia of the atherosclerous carotid are in a state of flux reflected by the shift in the emphasis on surgical management in the 1970s towards scepticism on the benefit of surgery in the 1980s. In addition, reliable non-invasive diagnostic tests of the carotid artery have reduced the risk. The decision to consider surgical management in relation to medical management must be made on an individual basis according to the patient's health,
0	The influence of the drug interval on the effect of methotrexate and fluoruracil in the treatment of advanced colorectal cancer The importance of the interval between methotrexate (MTX) and fluoruracil (5-FU) has been studied in 168 patients with previously untreated, measurable advanced colorectal cancer.
0	A growing number of patients with primary hyperparathyroidism have two or three enlarged parathyroid glands. Of 865 patients successfully operated by a surgeon (J.N.A.), multiple enlarged parathyroid glands (adenomas) were found and intersected in 33 cases (3.8%), with normocalcaemia lasting 1 to 22 years (mean 5.8). Twenty-nine patients had two adenomas and four had three adenomas.
2	Recent reports suggest that the prophylactic use of clean intermittent catheterization in some infants with myelodysplasia and normal upper routes may prevent their deterioration. Selection of these at-risk patients depends on urodynamic criteria. We examined our experience of own intermittent catheterization instituted when the deterioration of the upper lanes was detected. Of 130 patients with myelodysplasia followed at our clinic 25 (19%) had or experienced radiological deterioration of the upper urinary tract.
0	The determination of plasma calcitonin gene-related peptide concentrations by a new immunochemiluminometric test in normal individuals and patients with medullary thyroid carcinoma and other neuroendocrine tumours. There is doubt about circulating calcitonin gene (CGRP)-related peptide concentrations and the value of PCGR plasma measurements in the detection and monitoring of spinal thyroid carcinoma (MTC).
4	We measured retinal threshold sensitivity by automated static perimetry in pre-determined meridians in euglycemic diabetic subjects and in the same subjects during insulin-induced hypoglycaemia. During periods of decreased blood glucose levels, a decrease in retinal sensitivity, more pronounced in temporal meridians, was observed.
0	Three screening methods currently used are intended to detect colorectal cancer when it is asymptomatic and curable, and to detect polyps so that they can be removed before they can progress to cancer. Digital rectal examinations are relatively inexpensive and easy, but can detect only a small fraction of large napkin cancers. Sigloidoscopy is more sensitive, but its low acceptability to patients was only partially mitigated by the introduction of the 35 cm flexible instrument.
4	Lefter's disease is a hereditary metabolic disorder caused by the defective activity of acid beta-glucosidase and the resulting accumulation of macrophages loaded with glucosyl ceramide in the liver, bones and spleen. Splenectomy is the preferred treatment for patients with Gaucher's disease who develop massive splenomegaly accompanied by symptoms of hypersplenicism and/or mechanical pressure.
2	In neurosurgical operations for the relief of motion disorders, unique thalamic neurons (n = 107) were identified with an activity that was related to verbalized active movements (movement-related cells). The activity of each neuron was examined in various contralateral movements to determine the movement that was associated with the most constant and pronounced change in firing speed (optimal response). The optimal response was determined by the analysis of the neuronal activity histograms that were constructed using the start
2	As the smallest functional units under neuronal control, motor units play an integral role in muscle physiology. However, at present, there is no widely accepted technique for quantifying or estimating the number of motor units in a muscle. More specifically, the existing techniques are the increment counting technique, a peak-induced average technique, and a macro-EMG technique that varies in invasive, non-invasive, and non-invasive.
2	The perturbation of visual perception associated with nystagmus is a rare phenomenon. This is the case of a 61-year-old woman who has developed a progressive right hemisensorial deficit, a left sensory deficit of the face, dizziness, dizziness to the left, a left ptosis, a vertical diplopia and an ataxia of the upper left extremity.
2	A differential recovery was observed when other forms of a national standardized reading test of vocabulary, understanding of literary reading and understanding of inferential reading were administered in series to 10 admissions following a university rehabilitation hospital. The understanding of inferential reading was the most altered and had the fastest recovery rate. Subtle cognitive deficits in the understanding of inferential reading were detected when the reading vocabulary was at or better than a grade 12 level.
0	In a Phase II clinical trial, 14 patients with suspected intracranial neoplastics underwent magnetic resonance (MR) imaging before and after intravenous injection of gadolinium 1,4,7-tris(carboxymethyl)-10-(2'-hydroxypropyl)-1,4,7,10-tetraazacycl ododecane (HP-DO3A). This neutral (nonionic) gadolinium chelate has a lower osmolality when formulated at equimolar concentrations, and stability in
0	Intravenous urography was performed regularly 3 months after cystectomy, 1 year later and at intervals of 3 years thereafter. Ten patients developed tumours of the upper apparatus; 1 experienced lanyard pain and the rest had haematuria. Six patients underwent nephroretecomy and 5 of them lived for at least 4 years; 4 were inoperative.
4	In four patients, the procedure was used to treat defective brachio-axillar fistula due to long venous stenosis in the axillary vein. In 12 other patients, the procedure was chosen in the event of vein exhaustion in the upper part due to previous multiple failure.
4	The administration of recombinant human erythropoietin (r-HuEPO) to a Jehovah's witness who refused blood transfusion increased the volume of his nadir cells packed from 13% to 37% and the number of reticulocytes from 2% to 17.7%. R-HuEPO can provide safe and effective alternative therapy for life-threatening anaemia when blood transfusions are unacceptable to the patient.
0	- Negative results on four-vessel angiography after subarachnoid haemorrhage are observed in 5 to 30% of patients. A previously silent lesion in the spinal canal may be responsible for ictus in a small percentage of this group. Etiological factors include tumours and arteriovenous malformations; however, studies of these lesions have been limited to patients with signs and symptoms of spinal cord or pathological processes of nerve roots.
3	We examined changes in GSH and other myocardial SH pools during reperfusion in anesthetized dogs exposed to short (15 minutes, n = 7) or prolonged (90 minutes, n = 6).
1	We compared the local secretion of intestinal immunoglobulin (Ig) in six adult patients with celiac disease and nine control subjects by infusion of a small segment of the intestine under an occlusion balloon and analysis of the infusion fluid for Ig and secretory content. The results were compared with the number of plasma cells containing Ig in the test segment.
4	A spontaneously transformed murine keratinocyte cell line (PAM cell) secreted two non-disulfide-related collagen polypeptides with an apparent molecular weight (MW) of 190 kd and 120 kd. Pulse-chase experiments showed that the 190 kd polypeptide was secreted in the culture medium in 2 h and transformed into 120 kd of collagen in 4 h.
2	The development of language skills in the isolated right hemisphere was studied by comparing the performance of 3 ctomized patients in the left hemisphere with those of 3 ctomized patients in the right hemisphere and 3 control groups on basic clinical measures of the language and on the production and judgement of morphological markers. The initial brain insult in patients in the hemisectomy of each group occurred at the beginning, mid- or late childhood.
4	In order to improve the location of stereotaxic targets, reported somatosensory potentials (SEP) from thalamus and subthalamic zone were recorded using a semi-microelectrode specially designed in 61 patients and a conventional "macroelectrode" in 17 patients. Through the semi-microelectrode, median nerve stimulation evoked two distinct SEPs, consisting of a diphasic wave with a huge positivity limited to the
4	We developed a model system for progression of human epithelial cells to malignant, using a human papilloma virus type 18 (HPV-18)-immortalized human keratinocyte line. The cells of cell line FEP-1811 were non-tumorigenic in at least 12 passages in culture, but after 32 passages were weakly tumorigenic, producing tumours that regressed.
4	- Forty-one Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-III-The revised hypochondriacs were obtained from a primary care practice. Seventy-five control subjects were randomly selected from other patients in the same clinic. All subjects completed a structured diagnostic interview and standardized self-assessment questionnaires.
4	We conducted a prospective study to determine the incidence of ocular neovascularization following acute obstruction of the central retinal artery. Only patients initially evaluated within 7 days of visual loss were eligible. Any patient with pre-existing ocular neovascularization or clinical evidence of ocular ischemic syndrome noted during the initial evaluation was excluded. During the 18-month study, 33 consecutive patients were included. Six patients subsequently developed iris neovascularization, an incidence of 18.2
4	The arterial cannules used in the neonatal ECMO cause haemolysis and red blood cell lesions during high blood flow. Hemolysis in the extracorporeal circuits was found with a shear stress greater than 132 dynes/cm2, turbulence measured by the number of Reynolds greater than 1000, and speed greater than 120 to 200 cm/s. These parameters should be taken into account when sizing the right arterial cannula for a required flow.
0	A pilot study [the error published in BMJ 1991 Jul 27;303(6796):234] OBJECTIVE -- To determine whether there are sufficient benefits to be obtained by providing breast cancer screening with mammography to women aged 65 to 79 who are not normally invited to screening.
4	Although 6-mercaptopurine is often used to treat adolescents with Crohn's disease, its long-term efficacy has not yet been studied in this population. This study shows data from 36 adolescents (mean age +/- SD, 16.5 +/- 3.3 years; 27 men, 9 women) treated with 6-mercaptopurine at least 6 months (1.5 mg.kg-1.day-1, maximum 75 mg/day).
0	Five hundred women from Dallas County, Texas, who participated in the American Cancer Society's 1987 breast cancer screening project in Texas, were selected because of a self-reported family history of breast cancer (cases) and were matched to 501 randomly selected women from the same county without a family history (witnesses). Although there is a statistically significant trend with age for an increasing proportion of women to report having undergone mammography, there is no significant difference when comparing their history
4	We examined normal human myotubs and dystrophy in cell culture for the expression of dystrophy, the protein product of the Duchenne Muscle Dystrophy locus. Dystrophy levels in the development of myotubs detected by western blotting increased after 24 hours and reached maximum levels after 10 days in the fusion medium. Dystrophy was not detected in myotubs grown from myoblasts of Du
3	In order to assess the safety of direct angioplasty myocardial infarction without prior thrombolytic treatment, catheterism laboratory events and hospital events were evaluated in patients treated consecutively with descending left anterior infarction (n = 100 patients), right (n = 100) and circonflex coronary arteries (n = 50).
4	Severe dyspnoea and pulmonary infiltrates were associated with recurrent episodes of Sweet's syndrome (early febrile neutrophil dermatosis) in a 54-year-old woman with myelodysplasia. Pulmonary and dermal biopsies revealed sterile infiltration of interstitial tissues by mature neutrophils. Corticosteroid therapy resulted in rapid clinical improvement; however, recurrent episodes were increasingly resistant to treatment, and eventually died of respiratory failure.
4	In this case, a patient's report of an angioplasty for cardiogenic shock during an acute myocardial infarction, recurrent occlusion led to a recurrence of the shock. The atherectomy restored a lasting patence and reversed the hemodynamic collapse of the patient. The atherectomy deserves further study as a means of saving the patient's patence during the unsuccessful coronary angioplasty.
0	Femoral mononeuropathy is a recognized complication following abdominal and vaginal hysterectomy. Retractive lesions and the position of lithotomy were postulated mechanisms. We report a femoral nerve injury following a radical perineal prostatectomy.
4	A variant of improvement of the defective Moloney murine leukemia virus in leukemogenesis does not produce a focus-induction virus of mink cells in vivo [the publication erratum appears in Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 1991 June 1;88(11):5066] Moloney murine leukemia virus (Mo-MuLV) induces T-cell lymphoma when inoculated in neonatal mice.
0	In order to explore the incidence of cancer in Hispanic women living in Dade County, Florida, the data were analyzed from the national cancer registry. For all but three sites, Hispanics had lower rates of the 15 most common cancers than others. However, higher rates of cancer in Hispanics were noted for gallbladder, liver, heart and soft tissue cancers.
2	We describe three patients who have experienced pain and movement restriction in the shoulder suggesting capsulitis, but who have been found to have lesions in the middle of the humerus shadow. It is important to realize the possibility of this cause of a "frozen shoulder", as the X-rays of the shoulder are usually intersected in the middle of the humerus and lesions at this level can easily be missed.
2	Syringomyelia has been frequently described in association with various abnormalities of the base of the skull, but rarely with tumours of the base of the skull. Syringomyelia as a postoperative sequence of skull base surgery has not been reported. A case of cervical syringomyelia developing after partial resection of a cordoma and combined irradiation of proton and conventional beams is described.
2	Twenty-four CT scans and 24 MRI scans were evaluated separately by 11 and five observers, respectively, on the presence and severity of white matter lesions. Observers were radiologists and neurologists. For CT scans, these periventricular changes were classified according to their degree of absence, or partly involving white matter, or extending to the subcortical region.
1	• Advanced assessment of the abdomen and gastrointestinal problems. There are many unique physical evaluation results associated with specific gastrointestinal disorders. Detection of these results allows the nurse to manage gastrointestinal emergencies on the patient's unit in a timely manner, preventing the deterioration and maintenance of patient safety.
3	The etiology of pericardial effusion was definitely malignant by cytology/histology in 13 patients (62%) and suspected malignant by cytology in 2 patients (9%). A patient (5%) with definitely non-malignant pericardial effusion by cytology was histologically positive at autopsy.
4	We treated a previously healthy young man who developed a toxic shock syndrome 2 days after elective septoplasty with non-absorbent latex packaging. This case points out that non-menstrual toxic shock syndrome associated with an injury may occur after surgery that does not involve an absorbent splint or packaging and should be considered in patients who appear within days of surgery with fever, sunburn, hypotension, and multisystem complaints and laboratory abnormalities.
4	urinary sphincters around the intestinal segments - are they safe? Artificial urinary sphincters (USA) were implanted around the intestinal segments to reach urinary continence in 8 patients and fecal continence in 1. In 6 patients, the wrist was placed around the lower end of the cystoplasty following erosion of the bladder's neck (5) or urethral (1).
2	The clinical characteristics and physiopathology of certain forms of hydromyelia are analyzed in this report together with the time changes in associated hydrocephaly. Nine patients were studied; all had hydromyelia with varying degrees of associated hydrocephaly. Clinically applicable classification systems were used to assess hydrocephalus progression (positions I to IV) and to define the isolated compartment after hunting in previously communicative cerebral ventricles (types
4	Several causes of axillosubclavian venous thrombosis have been described. Subclavian vein trauma by pacemaker wires or central venous lines as well as stress thrombosis have been recognized as frequently diagnosed precipitation factors. A patient is presented here with subclavian vein thrombosis caused by a giant substernal thyroid compressing the unnamed vein.
1	A 71-year-old man was diagnosed as having a mass of polypoid in the gallbladder when he underwent a straight nephrectomy for a carcinoma of renal cells. A preoperative diagnosis of simultaneous carcinoma of the gallbladder was performed, and an extended cholecystectomy with regional adenectomy was performed five months after the first
0	STUDY OBJECTIVE: To determine, in medical patients who received mechanical ventilation, the frequency and types of large unexpected diagnoses at autopsy that, if known prior to death, would likely have improved survival (Class I errors) or substantially altered management, but not survival (Class IIB errors).
0	A final report from the French multicentre Phase II study of nitrosourea fotemustine in 153 evaluable patients with disseminated malignant melanoma including patients with brain metastases. One hundred and sixty-nine patients with disseminated histological evidence of malignant melanoma, including patients with brain metastases, were included in a Phase II study of nitrosourea fotemustine. The treatment consisted of an intravenous infusion of 100 mg/m2 of one hour per week for 3 consecutive weeks, followed by an intravenous infusion of 100 mg/m2 of one hour per week.
4	This study examines the role of social support in the process of caring for a dying person at home. Based on extensive ethnographic interview data with 16 caregivers, it uses cultural analysis to establish parallels with transitional rituals. The Ritual provides a broad context of meanings and routines to secure the doubts and unknowns of individual experience. The way social support is provided plays a key role in the transition from caregiver to mourning.
4	The effects of allopurinol and thiazide on new urinary stones were formed after discontinuation of treatment in patients with urinary stones. 87 patients with calcium-containing urinary stones were treated with allopurinol alone (44 patients) or in combination with thiazide (43 patients) and new stones were studied before, during and after discontinuation of treatment.
2	In a longitudinal study of neurological complications of HIV-1 infection, nine (3.7%) of 242 HIV-1 seropositive subjects and none of the 60 HIV-1 seronegative control subjects had ELISA antibodies to HTLV-I/II. The western and polymerase chain reaction confirmed the presence of HTLV-I in 2 subjects and HTLV-II infection in 2 other subjects.
1	· Percutaneous catheter drainage of collections of infected pancreatic and peripancreatic fluids. Operational drainage is the cornerstone of the treatment of pancreatic abscess. Recently, it has been suggested that successful percutaneous catheter drainage from collections of infected pancreatic and peripancreatic fluids can be used as a definitive treatment.
4	The potential value of DNA aneuploidy was investigated by distinguishing malignant follicular thyroid neoplasms from malignant follicular thyroid neoplasms. The nuclear DNA content of 65 follicular thyroid neoplasms (52 adenomas and 13 carcinomas) was determined by flow cytometric analysis of paraffin-incorporated material; in 58 cases, preparations were technically satisfactory.
2	Vigabatrin: Rational treatment of chronic epilepsy. Vigabatrin is a selective and irreversible inhibitor of GABA transaminase suicide and thus increases the brain and LCR GABA. In 33 adult patients with long-term refractory epilepsy on treatment with one or two standard anticonvulsants, the addition of vigabatrin up to 3g per day for eight weeks was associated with a 48.2% reduction in the frequency of seizures. Twenty patients with 50% or more reduction in the frequency of seizures were reported.
0	Five intraductory papillar neoplasms of the pancreas were analyzed to determine the presence of mutations in the Ras gene. Three of the five neoplasms (60%) showed point mutations in the K-ras 12 codon. The incidence of mutations was relatively small compared to that observed with ordinary pancreatic adenocarcinoma. The presence of mutations did not correlate with the severity of cellular atypics, but was apparently related to tumour size.
2	We evaluated the results of the pelvic Chiari osteotomy in 64 hips with early osteoarthritis in terms of pre-operatively detected acetabular labral detachment by arthrography. At the mean follow-up of four years, the evaluation by the score of Merle d'Aubigne showed 83% excellent or good results. These satisfactory results were obtained in only half of the cases with a detached labrum, but in
0	From 1960 to 1987, 1209 patients with colorectal liver metastases were recorded and followed up until January 1, 1990. In 242 cases, the diagnosis was based on external imaging, while 967 patients had operational confirmation and implementation of their liver disease.
4	Two cases of neurological deterioration and two cases of coma after transspherical decompression of pituitary adenoma with marked suprasellar extension and invasion of the 3rd ventricle are presented. Emergency ventricular hunting has led to rapid neurological improvement, which, supplemented by radiation therapy, has led to long-term improvement of symptoms.
1	The etiology of pancreatic cancer Curative surgery is only possible in a small minority of patients with pancreatic cancer and, to date, the responses to chemotherapy and radiation therapy have been disappointing.
2	An autoimmune response to myelin basic protein (MBP) was proposed to participate in the development of chronic neurological manifestations that may accompany Borrelia burgdorferi-induced Lyme disease. Using an immunospot test, we counted cells secreting antibodies to MBP. Anti-MBP IgG antibody secretory cells were detected in the LCR of eight out of 13 consecutive patients with Lyme neurocorreliosis regardless of the stage of the disease.
3	A surgical increase in the blood flow of the skin and viability in a pig musculo-cutaneous flap model. A musculo-cutaneated pig-rectus abdominis (TRAM) model was designed and validated in nine pigs. This TRAM flap was based on the deep lower epigastric vessels (DIE) with a cross-sectional skin palette of 8 x 18 cm at the upper end of the abdominis rectus muscle. The model was then used to test our surgical increase hypothesis of the
4	To analyze short- and long-term morbidity and mortality in maintenance dialysis patients undergoing coronary artery bypass surgery, we identified 25 of these patients at the Mayo Clinic and three recent single-centre studies that provided sufficient details for a meaningful comparison. Two independent observers reviewed new information on relevant historical, clinical and laboratory data. Perioperative mortality was 20%. Among perioperative survivors, the survival rates of 1 and 2 years were 95% and 77% respectively. Actuarial survival was 20%.
4	A prospective study was conducted in 43 consecutive patients with a recurrent subacute testicular torsion diagnosis. All patients underwent a complete examination, hormonal tests, and seminal fluid analysis prior to scrotal exploration, bilateral testicular biopsy, and binding. Seminal fluid analysis and hormonal tests were repeated 3 months after the start of the operation.
3	In order to determine the factors influencing the presence of collateral vessels during coronary occlusion, a standard contrast injection of the contralateral coronary artery was performed in 58 consecutive patients without previous myocardial infarction, undergoing percutaneous coronary angioplasty for a disease of 1 vesicle (front left down artery in 45, right coronary artery: in 10
3	We describe a patient who has experienced constitutional symptoms, severe hypertension and purpuric lesions on his knees, thighs and penis. The patient was eventually diagnosed as having several endocrine neoplasia type II, with skin leukocytoclastic vasculitis. Skin vasculitis persisted despite treatment with systemic corticosteroids at high dose, but quickly resolved after elimination of bilateral pheochromocytoma.
0	The objective of these experiments was to study the influence of activation of three secondary messenger systems (protein kinase-C, adenylate cyclase-cAMP and calcium mobilization) on the secretion of pancreastatin (PST) and chromogranine-A (CGA) by a human pancreatic carcinoid cell line (BON) in tissue culture.
0	In 15 cases of insulinoma, only 6 patients had positive arteriography, while the 11 selective pancreatic vein samples were positive. Immunreactivity showed that, in addition to insulin, most tumours also contained other peptides.
4	The chromosomal analysis of unfertilized oocytes and morphologically abnormal pre-implantation embryos from an in vitro fertilization program. In vitro fertilization cycles produce a small percentage of pregnancies. Eighty-five to ninety percent of the transferred embryos do not implant, and abortion rates are approaching 30%. Aneuploidy is assumed to be responsible for a significant portion of this pregnancy waste. The objective of this study was to determine whether there was a correlation between the chromosomal fertilization of unfertilized oocytes and morphologically abnormal pre-implantation embryos from an in vitro fertilization program.
